Steganography‬‎‎‬‎‭ is‬‎‭‎‎‌ the‬‎‭‎‌‭ practice‬‎‎‬‎‭ of‭‭‭‭‭‭ concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of d
	      	      	       		  	       	    		     
etecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detec
       	   		 	       	     	       	      	    
tion of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, aud
	    			 	   		   	  	    
io etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking
etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanaly
  	  	       	 	       	      	  	   	       	     
sis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security
	      	    	     	 	 	 	      		
 of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message.
The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary,
	 	      	   	   	     	   	    	     	   
 message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential comm
      	       	      	     	      	    	    	      	   	   
unication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steg
      	    	    		   	      			      	     
anography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is oft
     	    	   	 		       	     	 	      	    
en combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, th
    	     	  	  	    	    	    	   	       	    
e goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of
concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Stegano
 	       	       	       	      	      	       	  	    	       
graphy is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis
	   	   	       	  	  	  	      		   
 is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to
   	 	    	     			  	    	      	    
 prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images
   			     	   	  	   	 	     	     
, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, dig
  	     	 	    	    	     	     	 	 	   
ital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analo
      	    	 	      	      	    	    	  		  
gous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to im
  		    	 	  	   	       	   	      	 
prove the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a
   	  	  	       		  	      	   	      	    
 digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within
another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like
	   		     	      	 	   	      	     	  
 confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages
   		     		   	    	  	 	       	  
 hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden
message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern
 	       	   	   	   	    	    	    	       	    
 steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography i
     	  	      	      		 	     	      	     	   
s the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cr
	     	  	  	       	       		  		   
yptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden me
 	 	    	       	 	  	 	 	  	       
ssage.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of s
   	 	   	 	   	   		    	  	       
teganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The mess
    	       	       	    	      	  	   	 	      	    
ages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret
    	       		     	      	   	  	    	    	      
 data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaki
      	 		       	  	  	  	     	   	    
ng); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with
cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to cove
   	      	      	   	      	    	  	     	  	     
rtly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secr
 	   	     	    	 	  	     	      	      	       
et message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in
	 	 	  	    	       	   	     		   
 applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of
detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the dete
  	    	      	  	     	     		 	       	   
ction of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, au
   	       		      	     	    	      	      	     	     
dio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking
	     	 	  	       	     	     	  	      	      
 etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanal
      	  	    	       	     	   	      		       	       
ysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the securit
     	 	    	     	       		      	      	      	     
y of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message.
		  	       	  	     	 	  	      	      
 The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary
     		    	    		     		    	   	      
, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential com
  	      	 	      	     		       	   	  	    
munication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using ste
   		   	    	    		       	       	   
ganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is of
	 		     			   	  	    	  
ten combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, t
 	  	 		 	      		   		   
he goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of
  	 	     	 	 	 		  	     	      
 concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Stegan
     			       	    	     	       	  	    	       
ography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysi
      	 	 	      	    	      	    	   	  	 
s is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is t
  	  	 	       	       	 	     	     	    	  
o prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be image
     	       	      	   	     	   	 	   	   
s, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, di
	    	  	      	    	    	   	 	    	   
gital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is anal
   	  	     	  	 	     	   	    	   	      
ogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to i
      	    	     	   	      	     	      	 	    	   
mprove the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate
a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within
   	       	     	     	      	       	      	       	     	  
 another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications lik
    	  	  	   	  	   	     	      		   
e confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting message
      	      		       	    	 	  	     	       	   
s hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden
  	  	     	   	 	   	    	   	      
 message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In moder
		     	  	      	     	 	       	      	   
n steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography
is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to c
 	   	    		      	   		 	       	 
ryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden m
     	   	  	  	    	    		       		    
essage.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of
steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The mes
    	      	     	 	   	       	      	       	     	      
sages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secre
 	 	     	  	    	       	      		    	   
t data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (break
       	    	      	       	     		 	 		       
ing); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with
	   	    	  	     	    	 	 	     	    
 cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a secret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to cov
 	  	     	 		      	       	     	  
ertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used in applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etcteganography is the practice of concealing a sec
	  	      	    	  	   	   	    	    	  
ret message within another, ordinary, message.The messages can be images, text, video, audio etc. In modern steganography, the goal is to covertly communicate a digital message. The main aim of steganogrpahy is to prevent the detection of a hidden message. It is often combined with cryptography to improve the security of the hidden message.Steganalysis is the study of detecting messages hidden using steganography (breaking); this is analogous to cryptanalysis applied to cryptography.Steganography is used i
     	      	     	    	      	   	     	    	      	      
n applications like confidential communication, secret data storing, digital watermarking etc
 	      	 	     	 	 	 	       	 	     
  	   	  	    	 		      	       	     	    
  	 	   	    	     		       	     	 	       
  	     	  	 	       	 			   	     
      		   	       	  	 	   	       	       	   
	 	  	      		  		       	     
	       	      	       	       	  	       	    	      	     
  	    	       	     	       	       	  	    		      
       	      	       	     	    	  	  	  	   	      
     	    	 	      		      	    			     
      	    		 	      	 	 	 	    	  
       	       	 	       	   		  	    	     	    
     	     	       	   		     	    	   	 	    
  	    	     	     	    	  		   	       	    
 	  	 	     	     	 	      	       	 	       
       	  		       	      	    	 	    	  	  
   		       	    	  	    	     		  	  
 	   	 	     	 	       	    	    	   	   
 	    	       	 	   	      	 	 	 	   
      	      	   	 	 	      	       		  	       
   	      		      	 	 		 	  	     
    	     	      	 	       	     	    		      	      
    	 	     	       	    	   	  	 	   	   
  	    	      	     	  	 	     	  	      	 
    	      	     		    	   		     	 
	    	     	    	    	      	   			   
 			    	 	 	    	  		   
	      	   	   	 	    		 	   	   
       	    	   	       	     	  		  	      	     
	 			     	   	 	   	   	      
     	    	 	       	   	       		    		 
		    	      	  	     	    	      	      	    
  	     	   	       	    	   	   	   	    	       
       	     	     	      	    	   	      	    	   	   
	   	      	      	    	    	  	  		 
	     	 	  	       	   	 	     		   
 	      	    	   	      	 	    		    	     
      	      	      	      	      	    	      		       	 
  	    	    	    	  	    	      	     	  	  
      		       	     	     		 	     	  	 
	  	 	  	   		 	    		      
    	 	       	       	  	  		      	 	      
  	  	      	     	   	      	      	  		 
   	   	   	  	 		       	  	   	       
      	       	      	    	       	     	  	     		     
  		      	   	      	   	     	       	      	 
     		      		   	      	   	   	    	    
      	   	 	   	      	   	  		  	  
  	       	   	    	 	    	  	  	    	    
		     	      	 	     	      	   	 	   
	      	  	 	 	  	  	   	      	       
      	    	      	   		   	    	     		      
      		  	   	   	   	  	      	 	       
  		   	     	   	 	      	 	 	       
   	      	  	 		 		   	   	    
      	   	    		     	    	   	     		   
      	  	    	    	      	       	    	   	      	     
       	      	 	      		   	 	      	     	      
   	     	   	      	      	   	 	    	      	      
      	 	  	 	     	   	 	   	    	  
       	    	    	      		  	  	   	       
	   	 	       	    	 	      	 	  	    
    	      		       	   	  	   	 		 
	    	     	     	      	  	     	     	       	    
      	    		   	  			 	      
	    	       	       	    	    	    	    	       	       
	   	       	    		       		  	 	    
  	  			  	   	     	      		   
   	   	      	      	   	      	 	  	  	      
       	   	   		 	 	     	       	      	    
	     	 	       	       	      	 	      	     	 
       	   	    	     	    	       	      		  	       
      	   	 	 	    		 	    	  
	       	    	   	      	  	     	    	  	    
    	 	  	    		     	  	    	    	       
    	      	   	   	      	   	    	     	     	      
  	       	     	 	     	    	     	    	 	    
   		  	     	       	 	 	  	 	   
   	    	  	  	       	   	  	     	      	      
    		       		    	  	     	   	  	     
     	    	      	     	       	    	      	      	     
	 	      	  	      	    	     		       	     
    		 	       	  	 	 	     	 	 
	      	       		   	     	      	      	    	  
 	    		 	      	  		  	   	 
    	    	      	   		     	 	    	      	     
	  	   	  		   	       	   	      	  
   		     	    		   	      		   	  
 	  	     	 	    	   	   	      	  	   
   	   	       		       		  	   	       	   
	       	      	      		      	     	 		   
       		      	      	  	       	       	 	      
		      	   	    	       		     		   
	       	   	       	 	   	    	   	  	     
       	     	  	  	       	       	       	 	  	  
 	       	       	      	    			     	  	     
    		 	     	     	  		  	       
	    	   	      	       	      	    	 	 	    
	     		   	  	  	       	   	    	      
  	    	       	 	    	   	 	    	   	      
    	   	   	  	  	     	  	     	 	    
   	     	    	 	   	    	  	 	  
	    	     	 	      	       	      	    	     	    
    	     	 	    		    		    	 	    
    		      	     	       	  	   	       	     	   
 	    	  	       	     	 	     	 	      
		 	      	   	   	       	       	 	       
 	 	      		 	  	  	   	      	  
	      	      	     		    	  	  		 
       	     	    	   	       	 	       	     	     	   
    	  	 	  	      	    	   	    	   
	 	    	 	     	      		       		    
     	 	    	 	  	   	 	       	 	 
     	       		   	   	       	  	 	   	      
  		      	 	  	       	       	       	    
	  		       	  	    	   	     	    	     
      	  	       	   	 	       	 	  	      	   
    	   	     	    	     	   	   	  	       	     
     	   	  	      	    	     		    	       
	 	 	      	      	  	  	     		      
    	     	       	   	 	  		   	    	    
		     	    	   	       		   	    	 
	    	   	      	    	  	   	 	    
	     	    				    	     	     	      
     	    		   	       	  	   		    	 
       	  	    	      	  	 	      	      	      	     
   		  		  	 	    	 	 	  
   	     	      	 	       	     	       	      		
	       	    		   	  	  	  	   	       
   	  	 	      	    	 	     	  	       	    
       		   	    	      	  	    	      	      	      
 	       		       	       		     		       	     
    	       	 	   	  	 	  	 	  	     
       	   	     	   	   	       	       	       	    	       
   	     		    	   	  	    	       	       	  
		       	     	   	   		    	    	 
   	       	 	  	       	 	     	  	      	   
 		    	   	      	 		    	    	    
       	    		 	     	 	      	   	  	 
       	       		    	     	  	   	  	     	  
      	  	      	   	       	    	  	      	 	     
      	 	      	  	   	     	      	    	   	   
       	    	 		 	   	  	       	 	     
 	 	       	      			 	      	      	   
 	 	  	 	    	      		       	    	 
       	   	   	    	     	 	     		    	  
    	      	    	    	    	     	   	 	      	    
     	       	     	  	     	      	      		      	  
     		  		    	 	      	       		 
 	   	      		   	   	  	 		 
      	      	    	    	    		 	   	 	   
       	   	    	     	 	      	     	  	      	  
  	   	       	    	  	 			      	  
      	   	      	    	   	   	  	  	       	      
 	  	       	       	      	     	      		      	    
      	       			   	       	 		       	 
      	     	  	    	    	     	   	     	    	  
     	      	      	      		 	 	    	    
	 	      	       	     	      	   	 	    	     
 	       	  	     	       	     	 	       	 	      
   	    	      	 		   	 	 	    
	   	 	   	    	  		  	 	    
    	   	   		 	     	   	  	       	     
   	    	   	 	       	   		    	 	   
      	    	     	   	      	   	   	      	  	    
    	   	    	       		 	      	    	       	   
     	    	     	      	  	      	       	  	     
	    	 	   	      	      		     	       	   
  	     	  	  			     	      	       	    
      	   	      	 	      	  	  	   	       	      
     	 	      	  	  	    	    	    	     	      
    	 	      	       	 	     	 	 	      	      
   	  	      	  	     	  	    	   	      	   
		       	    	  	      		       	     	    
	      	       	     	      	     	 	      	       
	   	   	     	   	     	    	    	      	     
  	    	   	 		  	     	    	      	      
    	 	     	   	      	       	 	    	    	       
     	   	  	       	     	     	      	   	 	  
       	     	 		      	       	   		      
	   	      	 	      	    	     	  	   	      
		 		    	       	  	 	     	   
     	      	  	      	       	 	     			       
   	   	     	  	      	  	     		   	      
	    	       	 	    	      	     	 	   	  
  	     	      		   	       	       	 	    	   
     	 	    	 	       	  	  	     	      
	      	       	   	      			    	   	 
	   	     	  	       	    	      	     	   	    
       					      	 	 	    	 
  		 	    	     	      	     	      	   	   
       	    	    	 	     	   		      	     	   
    	  		      	     	   	   		      	       
       	     	     	 	    	  	    	       		
	   	      	     	     	   	   	      	      
	    		   	    	    	      			  
  	    	       	   		   	 	   	  	      
  	       	    	   	 	    	    	   	    	       
 	   	       	  		 	   	   	     	 
	     	 	      	    	   	   		     	   
	      	   	   	   		     	     	 	     
    	     	 		  		       	       	       
	       	    	       	 	      	   			       
       	  	    	     	  	   	     	    	  	       
       	    	    	     	       	     	       	  	 
	    		   	    	     	  	      	       	     
      	  	 	 	     	       	      	  	  	 
       	     	       		 	   	    	       	  	      
  	       	      	     	       		     	  	       	 
   	 	  	  	    	      	       	   	    	   
      	  	      	 	       	 	       	      	    	   
    	   	   	 	   	       	 	    		       
 	   	  	    	   	 		     		 
	       	     	   	     	 	     	     	   	  
   	       		    	   	     	  		       	    
      	     		   		      	  	    	     	      
      	     	  	      	    	    	      		      	      
      	     	  	       	   	       	     	      	      	       
    	      	     	     	   	    	    	      	    	 
      		   	    	    	     	       	 	 	     
 	      	  	 	     	    	   	       	  	      
	    	    	  	       	  	 	   	       	   
     	      		 			      	    	  	      
    	  		    	    	  	      	  	      	   
	       	      	 	     	    	       	     	     
	 	 	   	    	 	      		   
	  	    	    	     	   		     	    	     
  	   	    	   	      			       	       	 
   	      	      	    	     	 	   	 		      
   			  	       	    	     	  	      
		  	       	   		  	       		
	     	 	   	     	  	    	  	 	 
       	  		  	     	  	 	 	       	 
  	 	   	     	       	     	      	   	    	  
     	   	       	   	 	  	      	       		       
   	       	   	       	      	      	  	 	 
	     		 	    	   	    	      	 
		    	 	 	      	   	      	       	     
   		    	  	  	       		    	      	 
 	    	  	   	      	       	      		  	       
     		   	     	      	 	    	 	     	   
  		  	    	      		   	       	  	  
 	      	      	    		    	   	   	       	      
      	      	   	    	    	  	 	 	   	      
      	      	     	 	    	      	 	 	     	   
       	     	 	    	 		    		 	      
    	   		      	    	    	    	     	 	    
	  	    	  	  	   		       	    	     
	  	     	  		      	       	      	 	   
  	     	  	      	   	   	     	      	   	     
    	   	      	     	       	       	   	      	  
	       	  		 	    	 	    	     
		 	     	   	    	     	       	      	    
  	   	  	 	  	    	   		   	      
     	       	   		       	   	 	     	       	    
      	      	  		     	      	      	    	  	  
 	       	    	      	     	     	 	     		 
     	  	       	    	   		      	    	 	  
     	  	  	     		 	   	   	     
	       	   	  	   	   	 	       	   	     
      	  	    	  	    	  	       	    	    	   
       	   	 	 	  	   		       	     	   
     	   	      	 	 	    	    		    
	    	  	     	    	     	     	       	    	       
   	      	  	      	    	       	       	    	  	 
    	      	    	    	       		   	       	    	   
	    	    	     	     	       	       	  	 	       
    	 	 	 	     	     	    	     		    
 	 	     		       			   	  	 
      	 		     	    	    		    	  
	     	       	  	  	 	    		  	     
	  	    	   	      			   	   	 
       	       	  	     	 	 	     	   	   	    
       	  	       	      	  	      	 	   	       	 
       	 	  	  	 	  	 	   		 
 	       	  	     	  	       		     	   	 
  	 	    	    		      	       	  		 
  		     	     	       		  		     	       
     	  	  	       	    	       	       	 	      	   
 	  		 	    		  	      	 	      
    	     	      	      	  	     	   	     	    	  
	 	      	    	   	      	      	      		     
 	   	   		      	     	     	       	  	    
     	       		 	      	  		   	     	   
  	 	 		 	   		 	 	 
 	  	       	       	 	   	       	  	    	   
	     		 	      	     	      	  	   	 
       	    	 	    	   	  	       	 	       	    
 	   	    	    	       	 	     	    	       	       
       	   	    	 	   	      	    	   	      	  
    	 	     		      	   	   	       		
		      	 		 	   	       	     	   
    	      	     	     	     	   	    	 	     	       
     	 	       	     	  	       	 	       	       	  
     		     	   	  	     	  	 	  	 
    	     	 	      	     	      		 	 	 
  	 	       	       	   	    	     	       		 
      	  		   	      	 		    	    	       
    	   	     		  	      	  	     	       	    
 	      		      		  	    	    	    	   
       	  	    	     	       	  	       	    	      	       
       		   	    	      	   	      	   	 	       
       	       	      	       	       	 	     		 	      
       		      	     	 	   	    		  	    
   	     		      	    	   	      	    	   	   
       	       	     	     		     	 	    	      	     
  	  	      	 			    	   	      	 
   	 	     	       	     		     	      	   	    
 	       	  		      	   	     	       	  	     
   	  	       	  	   	 	   	   		       
  		      	 	 	      	 	       	   	 
 	   	      		 	 	     	   	    	   
	       	      	     	       	      		    	     	       
 	  	       		 	       	      	      	     	     
    	       	     	  	      	     	    	      	 	    
  	       	    	       	    	 	   	     	       	   
   		       	      	   	       	     	    	  	       
	  	 	       	     	       	       	 	     	    
 	      	      		     		  	    	 	 
      	 	      	      	   	   	   	       	  	  
       	      	     	   	    	    	      	    	 	  
      	 		   	      	    	      	    	    	   
   	    	    	     	       	    	   	   	  	       
  	  	   	 		    	    	       	       	    
 	 	 	    	 	  	  	      	       	   
	      	     	       	 	       	    	   	       	     
      	  	     	     	  	 	    	       	  	 
      	    	       	   		  	       	       	 	       
     		       	    	       	       	      	       	   	    
       	     	       	  	  		 	 	     	 
       	     	  	       	       	    	    	    	 	       
   	      	      	      	   	 	      	       	   	       
      		  	      	       		    	  	  	  
 	      		  	 	 		   	      	    
    	       	  		 	      	  	       	      	  
  	      	   	    	  	  	       		    	  
      	       	       	      	   	      	      	 	 	     
  	      	      	     	 	    	    	 	 	      
     	  	      	   	 	  	 	   	 	      
      	    	    	    	    	      	     	   	   	    
  	      	     	      	  	   	   	      	      	   
  	    	       	   	 	      	  	 	    
	   	       	   	      	   	      	  	    	       
       	   	       	       	    	    	   	       	     	    
     	     	      	  	     	 	      	     	   	     
	       	   	     	      	     		  	  	   
  	       	       	 	       	     	 	    	 	      
    	   	     	    			 	   	      	  
      	    	 	       	       	    		      	  	       
     		     	 	  	     	      			     
     		       	      	 	      	      	    	   
	  	       	     	   	    	  	 	       	       
     	  	    	    		     	     	 	 	    
   	       	       	       	     		 	 	     	       
	      	  	    	       	   		   	    
	    	  	      	  	 	 	 	    
	 	   	      	    	   	   	    		 
	   	  	       	       	       	       	     	   	      
	   	       	 	       	     	       	  	      	  
      	      	      	       	     	   		       	     	     
  	      	 	       	     	     	 	       	 	  
 	  	    	  	 	     	    	 	       	     
       	   	   	      	  	 	   	      	  	   
   	       	   	  	 		    		 	      
  	   	    	      	   	   	     	      	 	  
   	 	    	 	      	  	       	  	    	    
    		       	      	  	  	      	    	      	       
      	    	    	   	   	   	 	    	      	      
	   	  	     	   	   	    		      	    
     	     	    	   	    	     		       	  
	  	 	 	   	   	  	      	   	 
 	 		     	   	   	      	 	     	    
       	    	    	  	      		       	      		    
	       	       	       	      	      	  	 	       
	   	   	       		      	      	  	 	       
       	       	    	   	      	     	    	  	    	      
			     		   	      	   	    	 
     	    	 	      	   	   	      	      	       	  
  	   	      	 	   	     	    	      	    	      
	       	       	    		 		     	   	   
       	     		      	     	 	    	       	 	 
       	   	   	      	   	   	      	 	  	       
     	  	   	   	     	 		       	      	   
    	       	 	      	     	       	 		 
	    	       	     	       	    	       	       	      	    
      			    	   		     	 	       	      
	       	 		      	    	    	 	      	   
       	   	    	  			 	  	      	       
    	 	    	     	 	  		      	      
	      	  	     	       	       	   	       	     	 
       	   	       	  	       	      	      	    		     
      	 	    	       	  	      	      			    
  	 	   	   	 		    	   	       
		  	       	      	   	    	  	     	    
   	    	  	    	   	     	      	   	  
	 	 	      	       	       	     	    	    	   
  	 		   	       	  	      	 	      	     
 	  	  	      	       	     	    	      	       	  
    	 	    	      	     	    	   	 	    	       
     		     	    	      	 	 		 
	 	      		      	      	   	  	   	  
  	   	       	 	    			     	  	    
    		   	   	      	      	  	    		   
   	       	      	 	  	      	  	   	  	   
       	  	    	      	   	       	      	      	 	  
     	      	       	   	      	      	   	 	  	    
  	 			       	    		 	      	   
   	    	 	   	   	      		  	   	 
     	  	 	   			     		    	      
  	       	       	       		  	 	    	       
	 	      		       		       	   	       	   
  	  	      	     	      	 	    	 	     	    
			    		     	 	       		   
	   	  		  	   	     	   	      	 
      	    	     	    	  		      	  		  
      		  	      	     	 	      		      	       
     		    	   	       	      	  	 	   	       
 	    		  			       	       	 	    
      	 		     	    	      	  	    	     	       
 	     	   	      	       	       		  	     	   
	    	     		 	      	       	       	     	  
   	       	      	       	 	      	 	       	    	  
       	   	      	       	   	       	       	 	  	       
 	  	      	      	  	       	      	    	      	 
       	       	     	 	    	   	  		       	  
   	       	 	  	       	    	   	   	 
	  	   		     	  	 	       	 	    
       	 	     	    	  	     	      	   	    
	      		     	       	       	       	  		    
   	   	   	      	      	       	    	    	       	       
	 		      	      	    	    	   	      	    
    	      	      	       	     	  	    	     	    
	     		 	  	      	   	     	   	 
     	 	      	       	    	      	 	      	       	       
  	       	 	 	  	 	  	     	 	  
    	      	       	 	       	      	      	   	   	 
  	     	     	  	       		 	  	   	 
    	  	     	     	      	       	       	   	     	    
 	 	 	   	     	 	    	   	    	   
  	       	 	   	    	  	  	    	  	    
  	   	     	     	 	    	      	     	    	    
  	      	  		      	      	   	  	      	       
     	   	    	     		    	   	   	    	   
   		 	    	  	     	      	     		     
 	     	  	    	  	      	   	       	   	  
     	   	     		    	 	      		 	     
   	   	     	    	     	     	  	     	   	    
   	      	      	   	    	     	       	  	  
	      	      	  	      	    		      	  	       
  	       	     		     	     	     	     	   
	      		      	   	 	       	   	    	       
    	     	 	       	   	    	    		       	  
  	       	       	     	 	       	       	       	  
	     	      	  	      	    	      	       	 	   
 		    	      	       	   	 	     	   	       
  	     	    	   	     	 	     	     	 	 
  	       	       	     	      	    	      	  	       	    
  	    	 	       	  	       	  	      		  
      	  	     	 	      	     	       	       	  	 
		   	  	   	     		   	 	  
     	 	       	  		 	       	   	  	      
   	   	      	       	     	    	    	       	  
	    	  	    	 	      	       	 	   	  
    	      	      		    	  	      	       	     	     
   	     	 	    		       	    	 	     	      
	   		      	    	    	  	  	     	    
 	  	 	       	       	  		   	  	 
      	    	    	 	      	    	      	     		       
   	      	     		    	      	 	   	     	    
    	  	      	 	 	      	   	  	   	       
       		      	      	      	       	       	       	      
	    	 	       	      	 	    	    	       	   
   	  	 	      	    	      	    	  	  	      
 	       	     	 	    	    	  	    	     
	      	    	 	       	       	      	   	      	      
       	      	     	      	     	    	    	       	      
	  	   	     		   	   	    	 	     
     	   	      	       	      	       	 	  	 	      
      		   	       	    	      		   	       	    
    	    	     	     		     	    	  	       	    
       	     	 	  	    	       		     	       	   
  	 	     		      	     	   	 	       	     
    	  	    	  	 	      	      	   	 	     
		       	   	      	      			    	      
 	    		    	 	     	     	     	      	 
   		 	 		       		     	       	   
      		    		   	     	   	     	   	  
		       	       	 	     	   	     	     	       
  	 	    		      	       	     	   	 	  
	   	       	    	     	    	 	   	     	       
 	  	       	    	      		       	       	      	       
    	 	      	      		    	      	  	   	     
    	     		   	       	      	   	      	 	  
	       	    	 	 	     	 	     	       	     
      	      	    	       	       	      	       	     	      	   
     	  	       	    	  	    		    	 	    
      	   	      	      		    	      	  	    	     
      	 	 	       		     			  	       
   	   	   	   	     	     	    	  	       	   
    	      			      	 	      	 	  	  
  	    	  	      	  	     	   	 	     	  
    	  	     	      	       	   	       	     	    	  
      		   	     	      	   	       	  	     	    
     	      	   	  	    	 	    		    	    
	      	  		     	  	      	       	    	     
      	       	      	    	   	       	 	       		   
	  	  	   	 	      	     	      	    	   
    	      	   	       	     		  	   	     	       
   	     	   		   	 	   	     	     	     
       	 	     	       	    	     	  	       	       	  
	    	 	 	   	  	  	       		    
       	 	     	     	 	    	      		      	       
  	   	 	       	     			  		 
 	   	 	       	     	      	  	   	       	    
    	  	 	   			      	      	       	 
  	    	       			  	       	    	       	     
     	  	    	   	    	       	    	 		
	       	       		  	    	  	    	  	     
       		       	   	   	    	      	   	  	  
      	 	     	  	      	    	       	    		  
   	       	     	   	   		   	 	      	  
       	       	  	 	 	     	    	       	    
		 	      	       	    	  	    	   	    
 	   	    	       	 	 	      	     	     	  
     	     		   	 	  	      	   	       	    
     	    	      	  		   		      	       	 
     	  		    	    	   	  	 	       	       
	  	     	  	   	     	  	   	   	  
  	 	   	 	   	  	  	  	   	       
   	  	  	    	    	   	 	 	    	  
 	    		     	   	    	  	     	       
		 	  	 	     		  	 	  
	       	      	   		      	     	       	    	       
	 	     	      	 	     	     	  	  	 
 	   	    	 		      	      	   	 	     
    	  	    	   		    	       	 	    	       
    	      	   	   	       	      	  	 		       
    	       		    	  	  	    	  	   	     
  	    	  	  	  	      	  	      	       	      
  	   	   	     	       	    	    	       	 	   
      	     		  	     		     	   	       	     
   			   	 	       		    	  	     
      	  	   	       	       	   	    	     	      	 
	  		   	 	 	   	       	  	  
  	       	       	   	 	  	       	       	 	     
 	   	     	       	 	      	    	 	    	 
       	 	  	    	     	    	 	      	       	 
   	   		     	       	  	 	   	       	 
     		 	  		       	   	     	  	     
  	      	 	    	       	       		      	      	 
 	 	       	       	      	     	 	  	      
	      	     	       	     	    	      	    	  	  
	  	  	      	     		 	  	    	  
  	      	     	 	       	     	      			  
       	     	   	  		  		   	     	    
       		 	       		      	    			 
   	   	     	  	 	     	   	      	   	     
    	       	     	  	       	  	  	   	  
	   	 	       	     	 	       	   	  
	       		   	   	       	 	    	    	    
  	    	  	    	 	    	     	   	   
			  		     	    	 	   	 
    	   	      	  	 	  	    	      	  	     
    	       	     	  	  	     	  	 	  	   
    		    	   		   	     	       	 	      
 	   	       	       	    	 	  	    	       	    
     	    	     		      	      	     		 	 
    	 	 	       	      	 	  	    	      	    
    	 	   	  	 	       	     	    	     	     
	       	   	       	      	  	    	  	    	       
  	     	   		     	    	       	  	    	     
     	      	    	     	       	    	       			 
   	    			     	     	      	   	    	 
   	      	       	  	 	      	  	    	  	  
     	  	    	   	 	       		  	     	   
 	    	   	    	    	 	    	     	    	      
     	 	     	    	       	     	    	       	 	       
     	      	   	 	  	   	   	      	    	   
  	  	  	 	      		  	     	    	    
       	     		  	   	 	      	   	      	      
    	 	  	    	 	       	 	       	  	    
	   	  	    	 	     		       	      	   
       	  	   	 		    		       	   	       
	   		  	      	      	  	    		  
   	    	  			  	  	   	       	    
  	       	   	     	 	 	   		  
		       	    	    	   	   	      	      
	       	 	  	    	      	   	     	    	      
	      	    	 	  	  	      	      	  	    
	 	       	     	       	       	      	 	     	   
      	       	   	  		      	  		  	  
 	  	     		  	   			      	 
     	     	     		    	     		      	       	 
  	      	      	       	       	    	      	   	      	  
  	    	       	    	      	      	       	 	  	    
      	   	       	     	     	     	       	  	     	  
	      	      		 	 	 	   	 	      
       	      	    	  	 	     	  	   	     	       
	     	     	  	     	    	 	       	     	 
   	     	     	    	   	    	      	       	      	 
	    	       	       	       	      	 	       	 	     
       	   	   	  	  	     	     	       	      	  
    		 	     	      		   	  	      	    
     	   	     	   	       	      		    	    	   
   	      	      	   	 	     	      	 	   	       
     	    	       	 	   	      	       	       	     	    
      	  	    	       	 	   	      	      	    	  
	       	  	  	  		 	     	    	  
    	 	       	    	   	   	    	  	    	     
	 	  	       	     	 	       	  		   
       	 	   	     		     	  	      	       	  
       	      	   			  	    	    	 	 
   	  	      	 	    	    	     	     	   	      
      	   	       	 	 	      	    		      	       
   	     	      	    	       	   	     	   		  
   	       	      	   		      	   	     	       	    
       	   	      	     	 		   	     	   	     
       	     	  	    	    		    	   	 	    
    	      	      	       	     	      	  	  	       	      
      	   	    	 	     	    	     	   	     	  
    	      	     	 	       	    	 	      	  	      
    	      	  	 	 	   	  	      	   
	      	    		       	 	       	 	   
	  	 	      	     			    	 	    
     	       	   	   	   	  	   		       
	  	 	 	     	      	   	   	   	   
       	     	       	   	    	       	      	    	     	      
      	  	    	  			   	 	 	 
	      	   	  	       		 	      	      	 
       	     		      	 	     	  	    		    
    	 	     	     	       	       			       
	       	 	    	   	  	     	    	     	      
    	    	      	 	   	    	  	   	  	       
       	      	   	       	 	  	      	      	   	   
	      	   	    	       	    	  	     	      	  
      	  	  	    	 		 	   	      	       
     	     	  	     		   	      	     		      
 	       	     	       	     	    	      	 	       
	       		    	       	   	  	  		      
      	       	     	       	       	  	     	 	   	       
    	    	 	     	      	       	 	  		   
     	       	   	    		       	      	 	    	       
	      	       	       	       	      	      	       	     	       
     	 	    	  		       		     	    
	    	     	  	   	     	  	   		   
       	 	      	      	     	 	  	       	 	     
  	      		      		 	 	 	      	   
    	 	  	    	     	      	       	    	  	  
       		       	    	      	       		   	     	       
 	   	    	   	       	       	 	    	    	      
 	 	    	      	 	 		  	       	    
  		       	   	   	    	  	  	       	     
  	    	 	  	  	 	  	       	    	  
      	   	 	    	      	    	       		    	    
	  	      		 	  	     	      	    	      
	  	 		  	  	       	     	 	     
     	   	 	 	       	    	   	     		  
      	    	      	      	  	      	    	   		 
     	   	       	      	       	      	      		       	      
	 		  	   	 	     	   		      
 	  	  	 	      		       	 		  
      	  	    		   	      	      	     	  	   
 	  	     	      	    	  	  	  		      
     		 	  	      	     		    		
	       	  	  	       	       	      	  		      
      	 	     	 	       	     	       		       	       
      	  	     	     	   	    	       	     	       	  
	  	     	   	 	       		  	  	   
  	  	   		     	       	       	       	   	     
    	    	  	   	       	 	     	       	     	 
    	   	     	    	    	     	   	    	       	  
	     	  	     	       	  	       	      	   
	     	    	       	  	      	     	 	 	    
       	     	    		    	   		   	     	  
 	 	   	   	  		    		       	   
    	   	  	       		   		       	      	       
     	    	    		  	   	  		       
	       	 	  	  	   	  	      	  
		      		   	       	   	 	  	   
   	      	 	    	   	      		    	       	    
	   	      	       	     	  	     	     	       	       
       	    	       		     	   	       	      	  	      
      	  	  	      		       	    	       	    	   
       	  			    	   	      	  		     
  	   	  	       	      	       	     	      	  	      
       		       	       	       	 	 	   	       	  
     	    	  		    	       	      			   
 	  	       	 	 	   	      	     	      	      
 	   	      	 	     	  	    	  	    	   
   		    		     	    	    	     		     
      	    	      		       	  	       	 	     	     
       	    	 		     		   	     	 	     
      		       	 		     	 		     
	     	   	 	 	 	    	       	   	      
      	       	  	     	 	      	      	       	  	 
      	  	    	   	  	 	     	       	   	   
   		     	    	  	      	   	     	      	 
      	    	      	       	    	       		     		 
     		  		    		 	   	   
	 	 	  	 	 	 		      	   
     	       	  	   	    	  	   	      	   	       
       		     		   	     	 	  		  
 	 	      		       	      	  	     	 	      
     	       	     	       	   	       			   	  
    	       	       	  	   	     	     	    	    
		    		      	      	     	   		     
     	   	      	    	    	     	  	       	      
		      	       		   	   	       	      	  
  	   	       		    	    		    	      
		    	    		 	 	     	      	   
    	    	    	       	   	     	      	    	  	    
 	   	   	      		     	    	     	 	  
    	   	     	   	   		      	     	 	      
 	   	 		 	    	    		  	    
  	 	  	 	    	       	    	  		
	  	      	 		  	   	    	    	      
    	     	      	  	       	     	 	  	    	  
      	      	    	 	    	      	       	 	  	  
   	 	       	    	  	  	       	   	       	  
   		   	   	  	     	       	      	  	       
      	       	       	    	       	   	    	 	   	      
 	 	     	       	 	 		 	    	   
 	 	      	 	  	     	       	    	    	 
    	       	  	     		    	  	   	 
	     	   		     	   	  	 	   	      
       	 	    	    	     	 	     	     		       
     	  		      	    	  	   		    	  
   	       	    		      	 	       	       		
	  	       	      	  	  	     	       	   
	 	       	   	  	 	     	     	     	     
     		  	   	 	    	  	   	 	      
    	       	 	     	      	    	     	    	      	      
  	   	 	     	    	 	 	    	       	 
    			 	     	     	  	    	   
	  	       	  	       	 	      		 	       
     	 	    	      	       	       	   	  	  	  
   	    	   	       	     	  	      		     	   
      	 	     	   	    	      	    	  	  	   
     	  	       	  	      	    		    	 	 
     	     	     	       	  	     		   	 	   
    	    	  	   	  	  	    	       		     
     	 	     	       	     	     	      	 	    
	    		       		 	  	  	      	     
      	    	     		  	  	  	     	  
	    	      	  	     	  	    	    	   	     
     	       	   	      	       	       	   	       	   	     
   			     	    	    	       	      	      	 
	       	      	    	   	      	   	 	      	    
     	       	       	     		     	      	   	     	      
  		     		      	   	     	       	  	  
     	       	  	    	       	       	     	  	    	 
    	  	      	      	  	       		    	    	    
      	   	       			 	 		      	  
       	       	    	    	   	       	     		 
	  	   	 		   	   	      	       	    
 	    	       	    	 	   	  		    
	    	   	   	  	    	       	       	  	   
   	       	     		   	       		  	       	   
      	   	      	     	  	   	      	   	     	    
      	    		      	  	   	    		   	   
       	  	     	      	   	  	       		   	   
      	     		    		  	 	      	     	  
	       	       		  		 	     	     	    
  	     	      	  	      	 	    	 	     	 
 	      	    			   	 	     	      	      
     	      	    	       		  	 	   	     	    
     		   	      	   	      	    	   	      	  
 		    	 	     	     	 	    	       	     
      	  	   	    	       	    		       	 	 
  	   	 	     	       	      	 	      	   	      
    	 	 	  	   	      	 		      	      
      	  	       	 	   	     	     	     	      	 
       	      	    	    	   	    	       		   
	    	   	  	   	   	 	 	      
	     	     		    		      	     	 	  
  	 	     	     	  	 		       	       	  
      		   	   	    		    	     		
	 	   	      	       	     	     	       	       	   
       	   	   	      	 	     	     			 
     		      	     	    	   	 	     	   	  
     	  	 	    	    	    	 	       	  	       
       	  	 	 		   	 	       	 	     
	     		    		       	     	      		  
       			 	     		    	 	 	   
       		    	   	   	 	      	 	     	   
     	      	  	    	     	      	 	   	  	   
   	    	  	 	     	  		    	       	   
 	    	      	   		       	    	      		    
   	      	       	    	     	    	       	   	   	      
      	      	    	   		     	  	       	   
	    	       	    	  	  	    	   	    	     
	  	     	     	 	      	  	 	       	   
   	  	      	      		  	  	       	 	       
  	      	 	    	  	     	      	    	     	 
    		       	    	       	   	    	    	   	    
   	   	    	   	      	    	       		      	     
  		 	   	       	       	 	     		       
 	  	   	       	 	    	      	  	     	    
   		 	      	  			   	     	      
    	 		     	      		   	   	    	      
       	 	  	   	       	       	   	     	  	 
	  	      	   	     	   	    	    	 	     
 	    	      	     	    	      	   	    	     	      
   	  	 	   	 	       		      	    	    
  	    	   	 	     	   	   	       	   	    
   	       	 		      	  	     	     	       	       
 	 	       		  	      	   		 	  
 		       	  	      	 	    	 	   	 
 	       	       	  	    	   	  	   	   	   
  	       	       	 	     		   	  	    	  
	    	  	      	     	 		  		  
   		    	    	  		   	 	      	 
       	  	   	     	     	   	   	   	  	 
       	  		    	  	       	    	  	 	     
	    	      	     	  	    	  	      	  	    
    	       		 		    	   	   	      	       
 	      	    	 	    	    	 		  	    
       	  		     	  	 	    	    		
	    	      	  	 	    	  	    	    	   
      	      	 		     	   	 	      	       	 
       	   		       	   		      	  		  
 	    		      	      	      	 	     	 	  
	  	   		      	 			     
	       	      	       			  	  	     	      
     	  	 	 	    		      	  	  	      
      	  	  	       	   	 	      	  	      	       
 	       	 	 	    	    		   	     	    
  	   		    	    	 	      	 	      	     
     	    	 	     	    	      		  	      	 
 	       	    	   	      	 	     	     	    
	     	 	      	    	   	       	     	      	    
     	    	       	     	   	     	      	    	   	  
     	   	   	 	 	    	   	   	     	  
     	   	   	     	     	   	 		       	  
   	 	      			    	 	       	 
	       	      	   	       	   	 	       	 	   
		       	    	      	  	      	       	    	     
      	     	 	      	      	     	       	   	 	     
      			     	    	       	  	       	   	    
     	   	  		      	   	    	   	       
	     	  	     			     	       	   	      
 	   	 	      		     	    	 	      	       
  		     	       	       	  	  	       	     	   
    	      	       	      	  	    	      	   	     	      
     	       	    	       	   	       	      	   	      	 
      	       	 		     	      	  	  	   	      
	   	  	      	   	   	       		 	     
    	      	    	     	  	 	   	      		 
    	   	   	       	  	    	   	    	  	    
      	      	    	    	  	   	    	       	     	       
  	    	   	    	    	       	     		      	     
 			     	     	 	    	     	 	      
       	       	       	     	  	  	 	    		 
    	       	    	    	       	       	     	     	   	 
   	    	   		    		     	   	     	     
   	    	       	       	     		      		  
	       	       			 		  	  	  
	       		  		  	      	      	     	 
  	 	    	     	 		       	      	  
		     	   	  	   		       	   	    
   	    	    	    	     	      	 	     	    	  
 	  	     	 	  	    	 	       	       	    
    	     	  	      	    	 	  	    	    
		  	 	      	       	      	  	 	   
    	 	 	   	     	   	       	  	      	       
      	     	     	      	   	   	      		  	 
   	    	   	   	      	  	      	 	     	    
     	    	  	      	      	  	     	    	       	    
       	       		    	       	      	 	 	  	  
 			       	    	 	 	  	  	     
 			 		      	      		      	    
   	      	       	      	    	      	      	 	    	    
  	       	 	       	    	 	    	    	      
	   	      	   	 	      	 	     	  	 
       	      	       	   	    	  	    		      	       
   	    	       	       	    	    	       	       	   	 
       	       	       	    		  	      	       	      
	    	   	  	     	 	      	  	    	    
   		       	   	  	 		  	    	      
      	   	     	     	     	     	    	     		 
 	  	 	  		    	  	     	      	  
  	     	   	     	   	 	       		 
	 		    	  	    	     	     	   	   
       		     	      	   		 	    	    	 
    	   	       	     	       	      		      	    	       
 	       	      	      	      	   		    	   	   
      	      	  	     	   	     	 		     	   
	       		       		     	     	      	      	   
   	      	       	       	 	    	   	     	       	       
     	       	   	    	  	      	    		     	      
      	     	    	       	       	       	      	     		    
       		       	      	 	 	       	   	  	   
   		     	     		       	      	  		
		     	 	      	     	    	   	      
	     	  	      	   	     	   	     	       	    
    	 	       	 		     	  	   	    	      
   	   	   	      	 	     	 	    	  
	    	  		   	    	   	      		      
 	      	  	 	     	  	       	     	      
		 	 	     	      	  	      	       
	 	 	       	   	      	  	       	 	  
   	  	   	 	    	    	  		     	    
      	    	      	    	   	  	      	  	 	    
   	 	 	      	   	  	       	   	 	 
     	      	   	     	     	  	  	    	   	    
      	       	   	       	      	    	     	       	      	    
   	 		   	       	    	   	 	      	     
	    	    		    	    		       	  
	     	     		 	  	       	     		   
	 		     	     	       	    	 	  	   
   	 	  	   	     	     	  	     	     	 
   	    	      	    	     	   		    	      	      
   	      	       	       		 	     			 
    	    	     	  	     	     	    	    	     
	     	  	     	       		   	 	 	    
	 		   	      	   	   	  	       
		       	 	   	      	   		  	   
  	     	  		    	       	  	 	     	 
		       	    	     		   	      		       
    	      	  	  		 	  	 	    	      
       	     	      	    	      	   	     	       	 	  
 	       	      	      	     	     	      	 	  	       
      	  	    	      	   	  	     		   	 
   	     	  	      	     	  	    	     	  	       
      		   	    		       		 	    	 
	     	  	    	    	      	   	  	     	 
   	   	    	    	  	      	 	    	  	  
		       	   	       	       	 	    	   	 
      			   	       	    	  	   	   	 
  	   	     	  	      	      	   	     	    	 
  	     	  	   	   	      	    	  	      	       
    	 	     	   	   		       	      	   	     
      	   	    	      	  	       		    	    	       
       	     	 	 		 	       	   	 	     
  	    	     	    		    	 	     	     	       
   	      	   	  	    	     	    	      		  
  	      	 	  	   	   	      	    	     	 
   	      	 	  	    	   	  	     	      
	     	       	  	      	 	   	  	  	     
 	     	 	  	   	    		   	    	       
	 	   	       	      	  		    	     
	  	  	       	       		       	   	      	       
 	     	     	    	 	    	 	 	      	   
       	       	 	     	    	   	 	    	   
			       	      	       	      	      		
	       	    	       	  		 	     	     	 
 	 	     	   	   	     		     	      	    
  	    	 	   	   		 	 		
	       	 	  	       	   	    	 		 
  	    	    	 	      	      	     		  
	    	   		  	      	     	      	  	      
       	    	 	       	 	 	     	      	      
	   	      	     	 	      	       	    		
	     	       	      	    	      	      		       	       
   	   	   	  	  	    	  	       	 	       
 	       	   	  	     		    	      	   	    
   	  	    	    	    	    		      	  	   
 	   		 		   	     		   	 
  	    	   	    	    	    		  	      
	      	 	      	     	 	   	     	   	     
      	   	     	    	      	   	      	 	   	     
   	  	   	  	 	 	 			     
   	   	   	   	     	    	    	     	     	 
  	   	       	 	 	       	     	      	      	 
     	 	      	 	       	       	    	    	 	  
       	  	     	      	      		   		      	    
    	      	    	    	 	 	 	    	   	       
	     	  		     	       	   	   	 	      
   	       	 	    	      		   	    		    
    	 	      	    	      	       		      	     	 
    	     	     	       	      	     	     	  	       	 
 	   	 	      	    	  	 		 	 
       	   	 	 	      	  	   	   	    	       
  	   	       	   	 	     	   	 	     	 
  	     		      	 	    		   	      
	      	       	      	       	   		   	      	    
      	  		       	  	    		     	   	 
   	 	    	   	  	      	   	   	      	    
 	    	      		 	  		 	  	  
       	   	    	 	      		    	    		 
      	   	       	    	     	     	    	 	     	 
     	 	    		     		 	 	      	      
       	  		    	      	     	     	     	     	 
       	     		     	 		  	  	      	    
    	     	 	     	     			       	      	      
	  		 	  	       		     	    	       
	     	     		   	    	 		     	  
   	   	       	      	    	  		    	    	       
		  	  	    	   		   	       	   
     	    	       	  	    		       		       	     
	 		   		  	     	      		      
   	     	       	  	 	  	    		       	  
	    	      	     	    	      	       	     		   
   	     	       	  	    	       	     		     	   
   	     	   	      	   	 		      	 	  
    			      		 	       	   	       	     
     	 	       	       	       	 	   	      	 	       
      	    	   	  	  	  	      	      	 	     
   	    	  	    	      	       	 	   	   	 
     				 		       	       	 	  
  	      	       	    	 	       	  	 	      
	     	  	  	  			  	     	     
    	   		      	    	     	 		       	      
     	       	       	     	  		  	     	 	 
 	 	   	     	   	  	  	   		    
  	  	    	     	   	       	  	      	 	      
   	   		 	     		  		    	     
       	   	     	     			  	 	  	       
 	  	       	      	  	  	       	 	  	   
	       	       	   	    	   	      		       
	      	    	      	      	       		 	 	   
	   	    	      	  	     	       		      	     
  	   	     	 	    	      	     	  	 
	       	     	 	    	       	      		       	  
 	   		      	      	     	 	   		      
      	  	 	    	   	    	       	   	    	   
   	     	  		  	  	   	  	    	   
    	     	   	 	   	 	    	    	    	     
    	  	  		  	      	      		    	 
  	 	      	    	   	  	    	     	     
	   	   	    	 	   		  	   	       
   	    	  	  	 	 		    	   	  
 	  	     	  	       	 		    	       	 
	   	   	     	 	      	  	  	   	    
  	       	    	     	      	      	      		     	  
   				 	      	       	    	   	     
  		       	   	     		 	 	  	     
	    	    	       	    	       	 	      	     	       
     	   	      	   	   	   	       	     	  	   
      	     	     	    	     	 	     	      	     	  
 	 	   	  	       	 	   	     		 
    	   	 	  	 	 	  	     	      	 
     	   	       	 		   	    	     		       
    	     	 	       	       	     	       	    	   	 
     	       	   			    	    	 	     	 
 	 		       	       	     	   	      	 	  
  	    	     	  	  	  	     	  	       	  
	     	 	 	    	 	  	       		     
      	     	       	      	     	       	    		    	      
 	    	      	       	    	     	     	    	 	     
    		  	   		   	      	  	       	 
     		      		 	    	   		     	     
      	       	      		  	     	  		    
	      	     		      	    	 	   	   	    
    	    	   	   	  	       	       	  	       	   
   	       	       	     			   	 	 	 
      	   	 	 	   	   	      	       	  	  
   	     		      	       	    	   	    	   	     
    	   	 	     	      	  	   		      	  
  	    	   	  	      	     	 		      	   
      	  	    	   	    		   	  	   	   
     	      		    	      	  	 	       	  	      
      	      	      	   		      		       	     
	     	      	    				      	       
	    	  	      	  	       			       	  
 	      	       	     	 	    	    	     		   
  	    	   	  	      	  	    	  	  	     
    	      	   	 	       	    	       		   	      
  	 	   	       	     	      		    		       
    	       	  	      		 	   	   	      	 
     	      	       	     	     		   		     	      
	      	 	 	   	     	    	 	 	   
     	      	     	       	   	      	   	   	       	 
	    	  	    	 	       	  	      	       	 
      	   	 	      	     	   	       	   	    	       
       	       	   	   	 	    	 	    	   	       
     	       			     	   	   		  	   
    	 	    	   	       	    		    		 
  	   	      	      	      	 	       	 	   	 
   	     	    	  	       	      	    	 	       	   
      	       	 	   		  	     			  
   		    	 	      	      	   	    	   
	     	      	   	 	   	  	  	   	     
 	      	       		   	      	    	 	      	      
	   	      	 	     	  	     		 	    
       	  	  	 	 	       	   	      		      
    	      		  	       	     	      	   		       
 		    	    	   	    	       	      		     
       	      	    	      	      	    	      	     	       	   
 	 	   	   	      	   	    	    	   	  
  	      	       		     	     			       	     
   	 	  	   	  	   	  	      	     
		       	     	   	    	      	   	 
	      	       	   		     	       	  	   
	       	     	  	     	 	  	    	      	      
  		     			       	    	 	      	     
   	   	  	       	   	       	     	       	  	     
   	     		       		      	       	     	      	    
      	      	    	 	  		     	    	       
	       	   	 	 	 	  	    	    	  
     	   	  	    	      	 		      	  	     
   	 	      	       	      	     	   	      	       	    
     	 	 	    		  	  	     	     	   
  	       	       	  	      	   	      		       	      
      	      	      	    	      	       	       	   	    	     
  		       		 	 	       	     	   
	     	    	  	 	       	    	       	  	  
       	       	    	     	       	     	 	  	     	     
   	       	       	      	      	     	   		   	       
	     	    	 	  	     	   	   		  
	 		 			  	 	  	       
      	 	 	  	      	    	   		     	 
  	     	  	  	      		  	      	  	  
	  	  		  	   	    	 	     
	   	       	    	  	   		    	  	    
   	      	       					     		
	       	   	  		      	     	 		       
 	    		  	 	   	      	  	 	  
   	   	 	      	     	  	      	      	    	       
      	       	      	    	     	     	 	      	    	  
    	  	   	       	  		 		       	  
    	    	  	  	      	  	  	 	      	      
   		       		   	 		    	   	   
      	  		 	    	     	     	       	 
	      	 		       	  	      	       	    	    
   	     		       	   	      	 	     	     	  
   	  	   	   	     	 	 	  	 	      
       	  	       	     	      	      	     	       	  	    
    	     	    	 	     	     	      	    	 	   
     	 	    	  	     	   	      	       	  	    
    		      	       		     	 	     	 	    
  	  	  	      	   	    	      	  	     	      
     	      	    	     	  	      	       	     	     
		 	 	       	    	    	   		       
       	      	   	    	      	 	    	      	   	       
    	   	  	 	     	     	    	    	       
	   	       		      	  		     	      	   
     	 	     	       		    	       	  	     	      
  	  	  	     	     	       	     	    	    	     
  	  	     	  	      	     	     	   	      
				  	       	      	   	 	      
      	       		      	   	  			    	      
      		   	       	  	    	       	   	   	       
       	 	     	  	       	      	 	    	     	  
   	       	    	       	 	       	 	    		       
       	       	    	     	      	  	 	       	       	    
	     			       	 	      	   	    	  
   	   	     	   	   	   		 	       	     
  	 	   	  	     	 	   		 	       
 	    	  	 	       	 	     	      	   	  
      	 	    	  	   	  	     		      	      
    	   	      	       	   	    	       	      	       	  
  	      			       	      	      	   		
	 	    	       	       	      	       	 	     	     
		   	      	  	 	  	     	      	       
  	      	 	    	      	 	    	    	   
	   	       	 	     	      	  	      		  
       	  	    	      	   	    		    	  	 
       	       	       	     	   	     	   	       	    	    
      	   	  	    	     	     	  	    	  	     
      	  	     	      	    	 		      		  
	      	       	     	  	  	       	 	  	 
  	    	     	      	      		  	       	       	    
  	      		     	      		      	  	 	       
       	     	      	       	 	   	  	    		   
	 	  	      	     	  	   		   	    
 	       	      			   	 	      	 
	   	    	       	    	  	     	     	   	  
     	 		  		     	   		      	  
 	      	       	 	       	  	   	   	     	  
     		 	 	  	   		   	     	    
  	     	   	     	   	    		      	      	    
  	       	     	       	      	    	 	     	      	  
	     	     	 	   	  	 	     	  	   
       		     	       	    	    		     	     
		   	    	 	     	     	    	    	       
  		 	     	  	 		 	 	 
    		 	    	 	  	  	   	    	   
    	     	      	      	    	 		     	       	   
       	      	     	  	   	      	     	 		
	       	 	 	  	   	 	      	      	      
		     	    	  	 	     		       	       
       	      	  	     	      	    	       	  	       	    
     	     	       	   	  	 	  	    	    	  
   	       	      	      	  	       	   	      	 	      
      	       	    	   	    	 	   		    	     
   	 	      	   	       	 	    	    	   	    
     	      	   	      	  	      		    	       	     
    	     	       	   	       	   	     	  	      	  
     	  	 		 	 	    	 	       
	    	      	    	     	  	     	 	       	    
  	      	 	 	       	     	     	 	    	 
   	       	       	       	     	    	    	   	       	    
      	   		 	    	    	       	 		      
   	  	       	    	 	   	     	 	       	  
	     			     	  	    	   	   	   
  	       		 	      	  	   	       	      	    
    	    	       	   	   	       		   	     	 
      	     		       		  	     	       	   	     
      	 	    			     	    	 	    	       
    	  	 		 	       		 		   
  		       	  	       	     	     	   	     	      
      		      	   		     			  	     
       		      	  	     	      	       	     		     
    		 	     	  	     	     		  	      
      	   	    	  	  	    	       	  	  	      
       	     	  	    	    	   	    		     
		       	  	 	 	 	  		      
   	       	       	 	  		  	      		       
   	    	   		       	 	 	      	       	      
    	     	   		   		      	    	      	    
 	      	      	       	      	      	      	 	 	 
 	   	      	     	  	       		   	   	      
  	      	   	  	     	      	      		 	   
  	    	       			  		   	     	      
  	  	   	  	      	   	     	   	      	       
      	      	  	      	   	    	       	       	  	      
      	 	 	    	 	   	   	   	       	   
   	      	      		 	      	    	  	     	 
  	   	 	       	   	      	 		      	    
	 	    	   	      	  	   	       	 	     
       		  	     		    		      	  
	       	 	     	 	  	 	     	   	  
       	    		    	     	     	      	 	 	     
     	       	   	 	      	    	    	      	      	  
     	      	   	 	  	     	       		     	 
       	 	      		  	       	   	       	      	 
  	 	   	      	       	    		       	    	    
  	      	       		 	      		     	 	   
       	      	       	      	     	      	     	  	   	      
  	       	       	  	       	   	 	   	       	  
  	       		    	    	      				       
   	     	       	     	   	 	    	     	 	     
      		      	   		      	     	       	   
	       	  	   	   	      	     	   	       	   
       		    	     	 		       	      	       	   
	      	  	      	       	    	       	      	      	  
		     	       	    	   	 	     	      	 
   	       	  	      	      	 	 	     	   	    
  	       	  	  	 	 	    	       	  	     
    	    	  	    	      	    	    	       	  	  
       	    	    	    	     	     		   	 
	  	  	 	      	   			     	  
      	   	 	     	 	     	 	     	   	   
     	     	      	  	     	  	       			      
   	 	  	       	     	  	 			      
 	    	       	       	    	       	  	       	    	 
 	       	    		     	    	      	   	  	     
       	      		 		    	 	 		    
	       	    	     	  	  	     	       	       	   
    	     	     	       		       	       	       	       	  
     		    	  	   	      	    	     		   
    	      	     	  	   	     	      	  	       	      
	       	       	      	    		    	     	 	    
  	     	  	       	       		    	    		 
     	       	      	   	       	    	 	 	   	 
 	   	      	   	       	    	       	       	   	      
     	 	    	  	      	  	     			       
   	 	       	 	      	       	   	      	     	    
  	 	     	    	     	    	    	       	    	   
  	 	  	 	    	    	 	       	   	       
 	  	      	   	   	    	     	 	       
	     	   	  	  	       	      	     	     	  
	     	     		 	      	  	    	       	   
 	   	      	    	   	    	      	    	  	       
	      	      	       	 	   	   	      	   	 
     	      	    	 		 	 	    	     
	 	      	   	   			     	       	   
     		    	    	      	       		      	    	       
       		  	       	       	   	    	      	  	       
 	     	      	       	   	 		       	       	  
      		    	    	       	     	   	 	     	  
       	       	       	 	      	    	      	      	       	      
       		    	       	  	     	  	    	    	 
 	       		    		       	   	     	      	     
	    	      	     	  	    	    	  	     	  
       	      	       	  	    	       	   	       	     	    
   		    			    	    	  	       	    
     	       	     	  	       	     	      	    	     	   
   	  	  		      	     		      	    	    
 	  	      	   	 	 	 	     	 	      
      	     	 	      	   	  	    	    	      	    
    	  	   	 	       	    	      		  	     
       	 	      	  	   	 		   	 	       
	      	       	     	 	  	     	      	   	 
    	  	     		       	      	   	  	    	   
     	   		      	 	  	    	 	 	 
      	      	       	   		   	      	       	       	  
   	      	     	    	    	      	    	    	      	 
    	    	 	 	      	     	  	       	       	       
      	     	      	 		  	     	  	       	    
   	   	  	  	       	  	      	    	   	 
  	  		      		 	   	   	      	    
 	 	  	   	      	      		  	 	      
       	 	       	    	      	   	    	  	     	       
   	       	    	     	       			  	      	   
   	       	       	     	       		  	     	      	      
  	   	      	 	    	   	 	    	 	 
     	   	  	 	    	   	     	   	  	       
   	       		   	    	       	      	       	    	    
    		  	 	     	    	      	    	   	 
	   	     	      	 	     	      	   	 	      
   		     	 	 	   	 	      	    	       
	   	    	       	     	 		      	      	 
      	       	 	    	   	     	  	  	       	      
    	   	     	   	    	    	    	   	      	    
  	 	      		   	 	   	      	      	  
     	  	      	   	      		  		 	   
   	 	 		 	  	 	     	  	  
  	    	    	    	      	     	  	       	   	      
	    	      	   	    	  	     	     	      	   
 	  	   	       	  	     	   	  	    	   
  		      		     	     	   	       	 	   
       		   	  	       	   	   	       	     	      
      	   	      	       	       		      	       	 	      
  	  	      	      		     	     			   
      		      	    	       		     		     	 
       	  	    	      	       	 	    		       	   
      	 	 	 	       	       	      			    
     	     	   		 	  	     	      	      
	       	   	   		 	    	 	  	   
    	     	       	       	   	     	    	 		
	       	 		      		      	     	  
	   	       	    	     	       	    	      	       	 
       	      	   	    	 	 	       	      	       	  
 	      	   	     	      	      	  	     	      	    
 		  	       	      		    	  	 	 
       	   	    	    	   	   	     	 	     	  
       	       	  	       	       	   	     		   	   
 	     	 	      	      	     	    	    	     	    
    	  		      	   	       	     	     		       
       	 	     	     	       		      		   	      
    	     	       		     	  	 	   		  
     	      	 		 	 	 	      	   	 
		      	       		 	   	      	 
	   	       	      	       	     	     	  	 	   
      		      	  		  	    	       		       
 	   			  	 	  	       	     	   
   	       	     	  	    	     	    		    	 
 		   	     	   	      	 	   	   
	    	       	     	     	   	       	 	    
	     			   	     	  	     	       	  
  	       	    		     	    	   	 	  
	 	     		 	  	       	    	 	 
    	   	      	    	   	   	    		    	 
  	  	  		 	  	    	   	   	    
       	    	       	       	     	    	       	       	       	    
       	   	      	   	     		   	   		      
  	 	     		     	      	 	  	    	  
   	      	      	    	  	     	      	   	    
	       	   	       	  	 	     	   	   	   
    	   	     	       	     	      	 	      	 	 
   	     	  	 	   	      	     	      	   	       
  	   	     	  	  	       		    	 	    
   	  	  	      	   	      	   	     	  	    
      	   		       	 	  	      	    	       	   
       	  		   	       	 	   	  	    	     
       		   	 		     	      	   	    	     
	    	       	    	      		      	     	     
	 		   	    	    	       	    	       	     
       	   		  	   	  	   	      	    	       
      	    	       	  	 	 	       	  		   
      	    	    	      	  	 	     		       
	       	 	     	     	  	   	      	     	    
  	 		     	 	 	  	  	      	 
      	 	 	 	 	      		     	 	   
  	      	       	      	   	     		     	    
	 	       	      	  	      	     	   	       	   
		      	    	  	    	       	 	      	       
     	     	    	    		      	   	       	    
	  	      		       	  	  	 	     	     
   	     		    	  	   	     	   	   	  
     	 	 	    	  		 	 	     	 
	       	     	  	  	    	      	       	    	  
     	    	     	 	 	   	      	      	 	 
  	   	  		      	   	      	       	      	   
	    	    	      	   	      	      		       
	    		      	      	    	   		 	 
  	      	       	       	      	    	 	   	   	  
      	 	       	  	    	       	 	   	       	   
   	       	       	 	       	   		   	      
	    		    	  	 	      	 	     	     
    	   	 	    	      	       	  	   	  	       
	 	 	       	     	 	      	 	   	      
   	    	   	 	  	   	 		   
	     	   	   	    		  	   	 
	    	  	    	  	     	     	   	      
	     	    	     	     	      	  	 	    	 
  		     	 	  	    	 	       	 	  
      	   	  		   	 	   		 	   
 		     	    	      	       		       		      
  	       	       	      	   	 	      	      	       	 
       	  	  	     	 		 	     	       	 
     	   	      	   	       	  	      	    	       	      
      	  	     	    	 	  	  	   	       	    
	     	      		  	  	    	     	 
	  	  	 	     	     		 		  
	      	     	 	    	      	  	  	 	  
   	   		     	       	       	    	 	       
	      	 	   	      	    	      	     	 	       
       	     	      		       	 	       	      		       
  	  	 	 	       	  	    		     	   
  	       	   	    	   	       	     	     	 	  
    	      	      	  	       	    	       	    		    
      	   	     	  	  	  	       	    	     	       
   	 	  	   	  	     	       	     	      	 
     	     	  	   	  	      	   	   	    
		     	      	      	      	  		    
		    		 	 	      	 	  	  
   	       	       	     		      		   	      
	      	     	    	       	   	      	     		   
      	   	      	    	    	      	       	 	     	       
       		 	    	   	 	       	  	       	      
  	 	    	  		  			      	     
		 	      	   	   	  		     	     
 	      	      	     	       		     	      		     
   	 	   	    	       	 	 	       	  	     
    	    	     	       	     			  	       	    
     		 		     		    	  	     	   
      	 	   	 		   	     	    	       	     
  	       	       		 	     		      	     	    
	  	      	  	    	       		       	      	   
	      	     	 	    		   	       	    	  
    	 	    	    	      	 	    	    	    	   
       	      	   	      	  	   	   	      	       	  
   	    	  	      	   	    	    	     		      
 	     	     	      	    	      	    	       	       	    
 	    	     	       		    	   	  	    	      
      	      		   	     	       	   	 		   
       	       	     	      	  	     	     	       		  
   	    	       	  	    		    	       	  	     
    	 		 	 	 		   	       
	  	    	    	 		  	  	  	       
 	      	    	 		 	    		       	 
  	  	       	 	      	 	  	    	    	    
     	     	       	     	       	  	     	   	     	 
     	     	    	     	      	   	     	      	     	   
   	     	   	     	   	     	      	      		       
 	   	     	  	   	 	    		    	       
       		  	  	       	    		 	    	       
	  	  	      	    		      	     		
	   		 	  	  	       	     	 	   
       	   	  	    	    	      	    	       	     	 
   	 				    	     	       	    	     
      	      	   	     	    	      		       	      	  
	   	  	    	      	 	     		       	     
   	   	     	     	      	     	     		   
	  	   	      	   			  		
	  	    	     	  	       	      	      	 	       
    	      	      	       	       	       	      	   	  	      
      	  	       	    	   	    	       	       	   
	      	     	 	       	     	 	     	   	 
     		 			   		      	   	     
   		   	     	   	       	       	       	   	       
	     		 	     	    	       	 	  	   
	       	   		      	   			  	   
	     	    	    	     	   	  	    	       	    
     	       	    	     	   	   	       	   	      	   
      	       	      	     	     			  	       	 
       		      	      	       	     	      	    	    	  
     	  	       	  	     	      	       	    	      	    
     	     	    	 	  	    	  		   	  
  	  	    	    	   	  	     	   	 	    
      	   	    	  	  	    		    	      	   
    		      		      	    	   	      	 	     
      	   	     	      	     		 	 	       	  
  	       		       	       	       	     	     	       	      
       	     	   	      	 	   	       	     	 
	    	     		      	       	       	  	     	      
      	      	 		   	       	    		      	   
 	      	       	  	      	    	       	  	  	       
    	    	    	   	   	  		    	   
		     	    	 	     	  	  	   	  
     	      	 	      	  	       	 	     	      	 
   	 	     	   	     	     	     	 		       
   	 	      	  	      	       	    	       	     	     
   			  	 	   	    		     	    
     	 	       	  	  	       	 	      	      	    
       	  	      			   	       	   		 
    		     	   	    	   	   	   		     
   	       	    		   	      	       	    	       	    
     	       	       	  	   	   	       	      	     	      
      	 	 	 	     	     	      		      
	      	    	    	 			  		
	   	      	       	   	 	   	  	   	     
      	   	     	 	       	      		      	 	      
      	 	   	 	   		     	      		  
      		       	      	 		  		       
		       	     	     	  	       	 	       	      
  	  	   	     	       	       	       	  	 	   
       	     	       	       	  	  	    	     	      
	    	      		     	      	    	      	    	 
   	       	  	  	  	  	  	     	      	   
	   	    	     	  	 	   	     	  	     
       	      	    	    	   	    	      	   	       	   
   	    	   	      	      			  	 	       
     	    	   	  	      	 	   	    	     	       
   		   	   	   	 	 	       	     	   
		   	 	  	 		    		 
      	       	       	  	     	    	   	    	   
	       	   	      	  	    	     	     	 	       
    			  		  	     	     	  	      
 		   	       	    	   	   	 	    	     
 	 	     	      	 	    	   	     		   
	       	  	       	     	   	     	 	   
	   	  		    	    	      	    	       	    
    	   	       	   		  	   	      	     	     
     	   		     	      	    			   	     
       	       	 	   	       	       	    	       	     	  
       		    	  		 	      		 	      
    	    	 	    	 	      	    	       		  
    	     		    			   	      	      	      
    	       					 	   	 	 
   	      	    		  	    	 		 	      
	  	       	      	   	    	 	      		  
	   	      	       	      	      	      	      		 
  	       		 	  		   	   	   
	   	     			       	       		       	  
 	    	   	   	      	   	 	  	  	  
       	    	      	       	   	    	   	      		 
      	    	     	   	       	    	       		   	    
       	      	     	    	      	  	  	       	  	    
      	   	    	       	       	       	     	       	    	       
       	  	    	      	    	   	       	     	      
	  		 	      	  	       	     	   	   
 	   	     	    	 	    	     	     	       	      
      		  	 		      	       	     	 	  
 		    	   	    	 	      	     	    	    
   	    	      		   	      	       	    	      	    
	 	      	 	  	 			      	     
    	   	   	   		   		       		    
    		      	  	 	 	    	     	   	    
     	    	     	      	       	  	   	       	    	  
     		    	       	      	       		  	  	      
   	  		  	       	    	  	      		
	 	       	       	       	    	   	 	 	   
      	      	  	       	     	 		 		       
       	      	       	    	 	 	      	     		    
       	 	  	     	    	      	  	      	  	    
       	   	      	     	     	 	    	    	      	     
   	     	       		 		       	       	     	  
       	       	      	 	    	 	       	   	    	    
      	      	  	    	     	     	     	      	 	     
     	    	     	 	   	      		    	  	       
    	    	   	  	     	  	 	 	      	       
       	 	  	  	  	       		      	       	  
	      	     	    		   	     	  	       
	  		       	 	       	 	 	     	    
	      	     	  	      	     	  	      	     
	   			  		   	       	       	       
  	  	   		 	    				
		      	 	    	       	       	   	    	      
			    	      	    	      	   	   	   
   	      		 	       	  	   	      	   	       
       		     	   	 	     	  	      	       	       
  	   	    	    	       	   	    	     	      	    
  	    	      	  		 	    	     		      
  	      		     	    	    	     	   	       	   
     	  	 	     		 	 	     		  
      	    	   	     	   	 	       	       	     	  
       	   	  	 	       	  	     	  	    	   
       	      	     	 	   	      		     	     	    
  	   	      	   		    	     	      	 
	     		   	       	   	 	   	 	       
 	     	  	 	  	      	  	     	       	    
  	     		      	      	 	       		       	       
   	  	    	      	  	 	  	    	   	 
 	     	  	     	      	     	  	       	      	       
 		 	     	 	 	       	     	      	  
      	    	      	   	       	   	 	   	  	  
    	  	 	   	  	    	      	  	 	   
      			     	 	       			       
	 	 	       	    	  	 	 	  	     
	       		    	     		  	     	       	  
 	  	       	  	      		  	  	   	     
  	      		     				 	   	   
 	      	   	       	       	  	  	     	       	  
      	      			 	     	      	       	 	      
       		     	       	 	     	  	     	     	  
      	  	      	   	     	     	     	     	     	    
    	     	       		    	  	  	    	       	   
      	     	    	   		    	       	     	      	      
    	      		     	      	   	    	 	 	 
	       	    	 	    	  	   	  	  	    
     	      	      		  	       	  	       		       
 	       	       	   	 	     	 	    	  	     
	     	   	    	 	     	 	 	     	    
  	   	  	    	    	   	 	       	      	   
      	     	 	    		 	     	 	   	  
     	    	     	    	      	      	       		    	   
 	 	 	    		   	       	      		       
       	  	    	  	       	   	  	   	      
	 		    	  	      	     		     	     
	  	     	   	    		   		       	    
		    	       	       	  	   	  	       	 
  	   	      	    	    	    	  		     	       
  	 		 	  		 	      	      	     
      		  		     		       	      	   
			     	   		       	  	     	    
     	 	     		   	     	    		 	  
	    	     	     	     	     	      	     	   	  
     	    	   	      	     	   	   	     	     	    
       	       	     	       	    	    	 	   	 	   
	     		   	 	    	       	    	  	 
    	 	   	    	   		 	  		    
  	      	    	 	     	   	  	      	       	    
    	      	       	     	   	       	     	   		   
   		  		       	 	      	     	      
	 	 	  		  	   	  	       	      
      		     	   	      	  		      	    
	   	     	    	       	    	 	 	      	  
       			   	  	    	       	    	       	 
      	  	    	 	 	    	 	    	  	  
     	   	       	     	   	  	     	       	 	      
  		      	       	       	       		       	     	    
      	    	  	    	    	       	       	      	      	       
    	   	  	 	     	      	   		 	       
  	   		       	     	  	       	     	      	   
      	  	 	      		  	      	     	      
		  	   	  	   	      	   	   	     
   		      	     	   	   	 	   	   
	 	       	       	       	     	       	     	      
	       			    	       		     	 	   
   	 		      	       	       	  	      	    	       
   	   	       	       	   	     	     	      	       	    
 	     		     	  	  	     		  	     
 	      	     	     	     	       	 	     	     	    
 	       	 	    	     	       	    	  	   	       
    	   	   	   		 	  	      		
	      	   	  	       	 	     	      	      	    
     	   	       	     	     	       	       	  	   	   
       	      	       	       	       	    	       	       	    	  
      	     	       	     	    	  	       	 	   	   
  	       	  	  	      	  		      	       	     
   	   			   	     	    	   		 
  	  	      	   	     	     	    	     	      
	  				     	  	  		       
       	 	       	    	  	    	     	    	  	     
      	 	       	      		     	      	    	     	 
     	      		 	      	    	     	    	       	  
      	   	      	     	 	 	 		 
	       	 	   	       	 		  	   	     
      	     	     	       	    	  	      	   	    	    
     	    		 	     		      	    	 	     
		      	     	  	      	  	    	 	     
   	       	    	      	    	   	       	  	  
	     	       	      		       	    	   	       	       
    	    	 			    	       	  	       	  
    	     		    	     	      	    	   	   	 
    	     	   	 	    	     	 	       	     	      
      	    	   	       		   	 	  	 	      
   	   	      		  	 	       	   	 	 
       	       	      	   	       	     	    	   	     	      
  	    	     	   	       	  	    		  	  
     	     	 	     	     	  	 	     	      	    
   	  	   	  	       	      	      			 
    	       	  	  	 	  	     	 	   	     
     			     	    		 	     	   	  
	 	      	      	      		      	  	 	       
  	   		       	       	  	 	     	    	       
   	  		 	    	      		 		   
      	      	   	      	     	   	 	    	      	    
  	    	       	 	  	      	   	       	   	  
   	    	 	   	 	     	      	    		   
 	       	    	      	 	       	  	      	  	   
     	       		      	     	       	   	      	  	 
      	    	    	   	    	 		    	      
	    	     	       	    		      	   	 
	       	   	     		      	    			
		       	      	  	  	     	     	  	   
 	  	   		       	   	  	  	   	    
  	      	  		  	   	       	  	   	  
  		  	  	     	   	       	  		
	      	      	    	 	       	   	   	   	   
   	       	  	 	 	    	   	  	 	 
      	  	 		 	     	   	     	    
	     	       	    	      	      	       	     	    	       
     	       	  	       	      	 		      		    
    	      		   	     	       	    	       		     
  	 	       		   	      	 	   	    	     
   		    	   	       		       	      	     	    
     	     		  	   	     	     	   		  
    	      	  	  	     	  	  	      	   
	     	     	      	    	      	   	 	    	 
       	     	      	 	 	       	       	 	   	  
       	   	    	      	      	      	 	       	   	    
     		       	   	  	   	     	      	   	     
  	      	    	  	 	   	    		       	      
 	  		 	       	       	    	      	 	      
   		  	     	 	  	     	     		    
   	    	       	  	  	      	   	  	     
	  	 	  	    	     	       	      	    
	       	  	  		     	  		   	   
     	 	      	       	      	  	      	      	   	       
    		       	   	      	      	   	  	 	    
	      		  	    	      	       	   	 	    
	   	       		      		      		     	   
     	   	     	  	    	    	 	   	    	   
  	       		 	       	 	     	    	       	       
   	 		     	     	    	     	    		
	      		      		    	  	  	  
		      	       	      	  	   	 	      	      
	   	    	    	    	   	 	      	       	  
  	  	  	      	  	    	  	   	     
	     	   	   	      		    	   	      	  
       	 	     	     	    	       	    	 	     	     
  	 	     	   	  	   	     	    	      
	    		  	       	    	  	 	    	   
       	    	     	      	      		  	   	  	    
    	   	    	     	      	      	  	   	     
	    	     	   		    	 	       	 	       
  	       	  	      	  	    	    	     	 
	   	    	      	  	     	  	   	 	     
      	 		     	    	  		 	   	    
   	  	       	       		      	      	       	     	      
     	 	    	 	       	  	 	  	  	   
   	      	    	 	   	    	 	       		  
  	  	    	      	 	    	  		 	  
  	      	  	   	   	    	      	   	      
	     	    	     	     	    	      	       	     	     
  		      	    	  	 	     	     	      	      
      		    	    	    	     	       	  	     	 
    	     	  		   	 	  	   	    	     
   	       	     		       	   	    	    	       	    
    	 	   	     	 	       		    	   	    
      	 	   	       	 			     	       	 
     	   	  	      	   	    	 	      		     
  	    	       		   	 	   	     	   	       
   		     	 	      	       	       	    	      	    
   	      	   	 	 	     	  	   	 	   
	    	     	      	   		      	     	    	    
     	   	      	       			     	  		
	   	   	 	       	   	       	      	    	   
 	       	  	 	  	     	  	      	   	   
  	   	       		 	  	     	  	  	   
  	 	 	     		   	     	  	      	 
   	   	   	 		  	      		      	 
 		   	   	  	  		  	       	       
 		 	    	 	     	  	       	     	  
     	  	     	      	  	       	   	      	      	      
   	     	      	      	     	  		     		
	       	 	   	 	      	  	       	     
	       		       	   	      		   	      	     
      		     	      		 	       	     		
	    	      	    		  	 	      	  	       
     	      	 	    	      	    	       	     		     
	       	       		   	     	   		   	       
    	 	  	 	 	      	 	       	  	      
   	     	   	       	      	    	    	    	   	       
 	     		      		     	       	      	    	  
       	  	   	      	    	       	     	   	      
	      	  	       	   		       	 	   	    
       	       	  	     		   	    	     		 
   				      	     	    		   	    
  	 	 		       	  	     	      	      	    
    	     		     	   		  	      	      	      
	  	       	 	 	    	 		   	  
   	    	      	 	 	 	   	      	   	       
       		    		 	      	      	       	  
		  		       	 	      	  	   	    
     	  	    	  		 	 	  		     
       	      	     	   	 	  	    		      	 
  	    	  	      	   	      	   	      	     	       
   	     	     	     	      	   	       	       	 	       
  		    		    	 	      	      	     
		      	    	      	    	   	 	    	  
     	  	     	       	   		    		   	 
  	    	 		  	     	    	  	 	 
  	     	      		   		  	  		    
   		       	   		       	       	  	   	     
  	      	      	       	  	     	      	     	 	  
 	    	  	    	       	   	  	 	  	 
      	  	  	  	       	      	  	       	 	     
      		   	    	   	 		    	    	   
 	     		    	 	   	 	  	      	    
    	    	      	  	   	 			   	       
   		      	    	  		 	     	      
	       	   		   	     	   	 	      	    
     	      		  	      	      	      	    	 	      
      	 	    	     	     		     	   	       	  
   			    	      	       	  		   	    
      	       	 	   	   		      		      	      
     		  	      	  	     	    			   
      	 	     	   	  	    	  	       	 	   
 	   	   	   	       	   	  	  	      	    
       	   	  	    	    	   	     	       	  	       
  	      	      	 	  	    	   	     	       	      
       	  	 		  	   	      	     	       	 
  	      	  	  	 	      	 	  	      	   
 	    	     		     	  	  	  	    	       
 	    	  	    	       		    	      	 	   
    	 	      		  	     	       		     	 
      	  	   	      	    		  	      	     
	      	 	       	     	 	      	      	      	  
       	       	 	     		 	    	      	 	    
     		 		      	     	     	      	    	 
   		      	    	       	       	  		   	       
       		    	   	       	    	    	   		       
      	       		    	     	      	       	  	      	 
     		  	   	 		 	 	  
	    	   	  	      	 		      	   	      
      	 	  	 	     	    	    	  	      	   
   	 		  	    		    	 	 	   
   	      	   		       	 	      	     	    	     
   	   		   	   	      	   	   	    	 
     	    	       	     	   	 	 	      	 	 
     	  		       	       	      	     	 	  	   
       	  	  	 	  	      	     	       	  	       
  	   	     	   	  		 	     	       	    
     	  	     	    	     	     	   	      	     	      
    	      	 	      		      		     	       	   
	   	  	       	     	       	   	   	       	   
     	   	      	   	 	 	     	    	      
	  	    	   	 		   	  	     	       
     	       	      	      	  	       	    	     	     	    
      	     	   	       	     	   		   	     	     
    	    	    	      	     	   	    	     	      	   
       	 	  	    	     	    	    	 	      	       
     	       	    	       	      	 	       	   		     
    	   	  	 	      	     	    			   
     	       	    	      	  		 	    	   	      
  	  			    	   	 	      	     	   
 	   	  	 	  	   	 	 	  
	     	     	       	      	       	      		  	    
   	      	       	       	 	  	       	       	     
	    	  	 	    	       	  	      	       	 
    	    	       		    	 	  	   	      	      
      	     	      	     		    	  	  	   	  
   	   		     	   	      	   	   		     
    	  		  	       	      	   	 	   	      
  		  	  	      	 	     	   	      	  
  	   			      	  	    	   	 
	 	     	       	       	       	     	    	     	    
   	  	     	  	 		       	      	   	    
       	 	 			       	     	 	       
	     	      	       	      		     	   	       	      
    	     		     	  	    	     	    	    
	       	    	    	       		 		       	     
   	    	  	       	  	 	 	 	 	     
       	 	    		  	     	     	   	      	     
  		  	 	  	  	      	      	  	     
  	       	    	    	    	    	 	       	  
	     	 	    	 	     	 	   	 	     
      	  	     	       		       	 	      	     	 
      		      		     	 	  		  	    
      	 	     	      		       	    	    	    	     
  	 	       	 	 	   	  	       	 	     
      	       	   	       		      	 	    	  	    
   		      	 	       	  	     	 	  	      
   	    	 	 	 	   	 	       	     	       
       	    	       	    	 		      	      	      	  
	  	   	      	   	  	    	      	    	    
  		       	     	  		     		 	      
    	  	  	       	     	      	  	    	    	     
    	      	      	      	     	    	  	     	  	       
    	       	   	 	 	   	       	       		      
     	    	   	    	    	     	     	     	       	      
       	  	       	 	   	    	  	      	   	   
       	      	    	      	     	       		    		     
   		 	    	   	     	    	     	   	    
    	 		    	      		 	     	    
	       	   	  	       	  	     	   	     	    
 	   	     	      	 		  	    	       	 
       	       	     	 	     	   	  	       	    	     
       	       	  	   	    	  	     	     	      	  
      	     	 	    		      	    	  	    	 
   	     	   	    	      	  	  		    	     
       	    	       	    	       	     			       	  
       	    	  	     	  	  	       	       	 	    
   			       	    	  	    	      	      	     
     	      	       			  	 	 	      	  
	  	     	      	 	 	    	   	   	   
       	 	 	       	  	      			 	      
    	 	 	 	     	    	 	  	   	      
      	      	    	       	   	      	       	   	     	      
      	 	    	    	     	     	      	    	     	 
       	    	      	   	 	  	   	     	   	      
  	    	  	       	   	      	       	   	      
	   	     	      	  	    	  	 		      
    	  	    	 	  	    	       		    	       
  	    	  	   	   	      	     	       		  
     	     		      	  			  	      	       
    	  	     	       	  	      	      	   	    	  
       	     	  	  	     	     	 		  	      
       	      	  	 	       	       		       	   	   
 	   	     		       	 	      	    	       	 
      	 		   		       		     	    	   
       	       	   	   	 	       	      	     	       	     
  		    	   		    	     	  	    	 
     	      	     	 	       	       	       	    	      	     
   	      	   	    	 	   	    	  	   	   
 	 	   	   	  	  	   	     	       	   
	    	   	    		       	      	      	     	 
    	   	      	    	       	   	   	      	    	   
	 	      	 	      		    	  		    
      	       	    	  		 	       		   	    
     	       	      	       		    	 	     	       	    
	      	 	   	       	  	 	   	    	  
   			 	   	    	    	  		      
      	    		 	      	      	  		  	    
 	     	    	 	      	    	 	 	       	  
	     	      	     	   		  	       		  
	    	    	     	     			    	    	       
	     	  		      	 	      			   
		      	 	       	 	      	    	     	 
 	     	      	       	       	 	       	     	     	 
 	 	       	       	      	    	   		    
	      	      	  	       		  	       	     
	      			   		       	  	 
	 		   	      	       	   	     		   
   	 	    	   	   	      	       	       	       	  
      	   	    	  	      	   	     	   	     	 
      		     		  	   	       	       	    
	       	    	       	     	  	   		  	  
    	   	      	    	       	     	     	       	  	      
    	 	     	      	  	   	    	      	   
	    		      	       	   	   	    	 	      
    	 	     	    	      	      	  	      	 	   
     	    	  	   	     	     	   		     	   
       	 	   	      	   	   	 		      
	     	  	  	  	      	   	  	   	 
	     	      	 	  	  	 	  	   	 
	     	      	  	 	  	 	     		
	       	 	  	     		  	  	   
	    	      		      	       	    	 	      	  
 		  	     	      	   		     	     	     
      	 	       	      	      	       	     	  		 
     	      	     	  	      	     			  	   
	    	    	   	   		     	      	   	     
  	     	 	   		 	    	      	  	       
     	  	 	  	   	  		 	  	     
		      	   	    	     		  	    	   
  	  	  	     	      	      	   	      	 	    
 	    		      	    	       	    		      	     
 	      	      	    	 	       		     	 	     
  	  	       	    	  	 		     	    	    
       	     	    	       	     	    	    	   	    	 
       	     	      	 	       	      	       	  	    	  
  	 	 	       	      		       	   		
	      	 		 		     		 	      
	     			   	     	       	     		
	     	  	       	    	       	    		 	       
	       	   	    	 	  	   	       	    	 
      	    	   	  	       	       	   	     	     	    
     	      	  	     	      	     	 	  		  
  	      	     		   	   	   		    
	 	    	       	    	   	     	      	       	  
   	  	      	    	      	   	   	  	    	       
  	 	 	      	 	      		      	  	   
       		       		   	 	     	  	     
	     	      		    	   	    	      	   	   
   	   	  	   	     	    		    	    	    
   	    	       	     	    	 	       	  	       	     
  	  	       	   	   	     		 	    	     
 		       	     	   	       		   	       	    
      		    	    	  	     	 	    	   	     
       	     	  		   	      	    	  	     	    
 	  	       		     	   	       	      	  	 
      	   	   	      	     	 	       	    	     	   
  	   	  	      	       		  	      	       
	    	     	       	 	 	   	     	      	   
     		     	       	 	       	       	    	   	      
       	  	   		     	  		 	      	       
 	   	 	  	      	   		      		    
		    	  	     	     	  	       	  	       
 	       	 	  	   		   	  	     	  
    		       		       	     		 	   
	       	     	      	 	  	  	  	    	    
      	    	     	  	       	      	     	       	 	 
   	    	  	  	  	  	     	 	   	      
       	       	    	 	     	   	     		       
	       	   	 	     	   	  	  	  	     
 		   		    	    		   	 	  
   	   	  	    		       	 	 	      	      
 	     	    	  	     	    	  	       	   	 
       	 	 	     	   	     	       	     	       
	      		    	      	    	       	  	    	   
     	 	 	     	       	       	  	   	     
	     	    	       	   	   	 		     	    
   	 	     	   		  	    	 	  	   
     	   	 	     	  	      	  	     	   
	       	     	 	   	 	   	       	    	 
 	       	    	      	    	     	   	      		   
 	 	   	       		   	     		   	  
 	    	       	      	    	    	  	 	      	      
 	 	       	  	 	  	     	   	     	   
     	  	    		   	 	  	    	    	       
  	 	    		       	    	      	 	      	  
       	  	  	    	    	 	 	  	  	    
       	  	    	   	       	  	       	 	       	      
      	   	 	       		    	     	       	     	 
      	    	   	   	       	     	    	       	    	      
  		 	  	   	   	 	     	 	    
     	 	 	 		     		 	    	 
  	   	      	    	    	  	  	       	  	    
 	      	       	       	     	       	       	      	   	     
  	    	       	      		     		       	  	     
 		     	      	 	  	       		    	  
   	   	     	   	    	      	    	       		  
   	   	       		 	   	      	     	 	     
 	  	       		   	     	     			       
     		    	    	  	  	    	     	 	  
	      	       	   	   	      	    	    	   
	 		    	   	 	 	   	      	   
      	 		  	       	       	     	  	  	     
     	   	   	 	   	     	      		  	    
 	      	 		  	   	  	     	     	       
   	       		    	     	 	     	       	  	  
	    			      	 	 	     	      	     
	      	       	      	    	      	    	   	      	       
    	   	     		    	      	 	 	      
	      	     	 	  	      	      	  	      	      
     	      	     	  	    	    	 	   	    
		  	    		  	       	    		       
      		  	     	    	   	 	     	     	       
       	   	  	       	    	  	       	  	       	    
 	 	      	      	   	      	 	   	     	       
	 	 	 	 	  	       	     	     	  
       	 	     	    	       	    	      	  	      	     
      		      	  	     			   	      	     
	 	     	  	      	  	     	   	   	     
     	    	  	      	 	     	       		      	       
       	       		 	      	       	 	      	      	  
   	   	    	       	      	       	  	 		       
   			    	       	   	     	  	    	   
      	     		     	    	 	     	 	     	 
   	    	      	 	     	     			      	  
      	     		    		     	     	      	    	      
       	     	 	       	     		 	     	      	   
       	      		  	    	 	  	   		 
      	     	      	       	  		  	   	      	   
 	       	       	  	   	  	   	      	      	     
	 	 	    	       	 	   	     	    	   
       	  	  	  	     	       	       	    		       
  			     	      	 				  
  	      	     	   	   	  	 	     	      	       
  	     	     	      	 	 	      	  	    	  
      	      	       	   	   	 	       	       	     	  
 			   	    	    	     	    	     	       
   		      	 		     	      	      	   	      
 	   	 	      	     	       	     	       	 
	     	       	       	       	    	  	 	      	      
		  	  	  	   	 	  	      	 
    	 	  	    	  	     	     	    	     	 
    	  	  		  	    		   	   	   
      	       	       	 		    	  	   	     
	  	    	     	    	  	  	    	   	 
      	    	    	   	     	    	      		    	     
    	       	     		       	  		     	       	       
   	     	    	  		   		   	       	      
      	     	      	   	       	       	   	      	   	      
	 		       	 	  		  	   	  
  	    		    	     	 		   		
	     	       	   		     	   			
	    		     	       	      	   	       	      	 
    	       	   	     		  	       		 	       
       	      	      	     	      	       	      		       	     
       	    	  	 		      	   		    	 
	    	     	 	  	     	    	  	  
	       	 	       	  	       	   			 
	  	   	   	     	       	   	       	   	  
 	       	   	   	  		      	       	   	     
		      	 	    	      	   	    	      	       
 	       	   	   	    	    	   	       	   	  
      	  	       	     	   	  	     	     	       	      
      	     	 	       	   	 	   	     	       	     
 	     	    	      	       	 	     	  	      	       
  		 	    	  	  	  	     		    
   			      	 	       	   	  	       	 
       	  	  	       	       	       	 	 	       	       
     	      	   	 	    	    	       	       	    	  
   	 	       	  	  	  	  	       	    	       
  	      	  	  	     	    	      	     	    	       
      	  	 	    	      	      	  	       	    	   
      	       	     	       	      	     	      		    	    
 	      	   		  	     	      		      
	       	    	    	  	    		     	     	  
      	  	       	       	      	     	 		    	   
       	      	       	     	  	       	 	  	      	     
 	  	     	    	      	    	    	     	     	  
     	       	    	   	       	      	 	      	      
	 	       	    	   	     	    	 		     
   	    	   	  	   		   	   		      
	   	  	 	      	      	   		   
	   	     	  	 	       		   	    
	 	 	    	       	       	    	      	   	   
 		   	 	       	   	     	     	     	       
   	  	       	  	 	      	 	    	       
	   	  	    		       	      	    	       
	    	 	 	     		     	      		  
     	       	   	       	       			  	    	     
	   	  	  	  		   	      	   
	       		      	      	   	  	   	     	      
   	 	 	   	 	    	      	 	      	    
    			 	 	  	  	 	  	 
     		     	    	 	     		   	  	     
    	    	     	 	  	   	      	 	     	      
      	      	   	     		    	     		  	  
	 		 		      	     	       		   
    	      	 	     	     	  			  	  
     	     	 	  	  	 	 	 	       	   
 	 	       	     	      	    		   	      	     
      	     	  	    	     	    	    	  	 	   
    	   	 		   	  	   			   
   	       	      	      	     	 	  	     	 
	   	    			 	       	    	  	  
     	     	 	     	 	    	     	       	      	   
   	 	     	       	 	    	  	 	 	       
   		       	     	    	       	   	   	       	 
      	  	    	     	 	       	       	       	    	   
      	      	   	  	     		   	   		     
	      	     	   	    	 	     	      	  	       
      	    	       	      		    	    	 	    	     
	 	     	  	       	 	     	    	   
	    	   	     	       	     	     	  	     	      
  	   	  	       	       	  	 	   	      
	     	  	    	 	     			    	  
  		   	  		   		     	     	    
  	   	   	       	 	  		       	     	 
     	     	    		     	 	     	   	      	  
	   	   	   	       	    	      	   		      
    		      	    	     	      	    	  	    	 
  	 		    	     	   		    	    	  
      	      	  	      	      	  	      	 	       	    
	   		      	      	  	 	     	      	    
 	     	      	 		    		   	       	    
  	   	 		    	 		     	 	  
       	   	 	     	      	       	      	      		  
	 	   	    	      	     	  	      	      	       
    	   	   	     	     	       	      	 	 	      
 	   	      	    	       	  	       	   	   	    
     		       		  	     	      	  	    	 
      	    	    	   			   	       	      
	      	   		      		 	      	    
	 	 		    	      	       	   	    	 
     				     	     		     	    	    
      	   	    	 	  	    	     	   	 	     
	     		       	      	      	  		  	    
	     	  		      	     	    	    	   	       
     	       	 	  	   		      			     
     		   	     	  	       	      	 	       	       
 	 	   	  	      	 	       	    	     	 
     	       	       	 	  	    	      	      	     	  
    	 		   	  				       	      
       	       	      	 	       	 	      	 	  	     
     	   		       	   	       	 		      	     
	 	     	       	   		    	 	    	   
      		     	   	 	 	 	    	       	    
  	  		   	    	       	     	     	    	 
       	  	      	   		       	   	      	     	       
 	      	   	    	     	  	       	  	  	    
  	 	   	   	       	 	  	   	 	   
      	   	   	    	       	     	   		   	       
    	    	     	     	    	 	      	  	       	      
   	     	 		 		   		  	 
 	  	       	    	      	      	  	      	     	    
	      		  	  		   		  	     
 	   		      	   	   	      	 	       	 
 	    		  	     		   	     	      
		  	   	   	 	   	       	   	      
       	       	  	  	  	   	    	   	 	     
  	   	  		     		       		 	   
  	       	    	   	 		     	      	      	       
   	 	  		     	     	    		     	       
  	     	   	     			      	 	    	   
 	 		      	     	   		   	 
	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	  	 
    	    	    	     	      	      	      	 	  	  
 	 		 		       	   	      	  	      
      	   		      	     	      	 	 		  
    	     	 	 	     	    	       	       	     	    
    			       	  	   	       	     	    	    
  	       	     			       	       	   	      	   
      	       	    	 	   	      	   	 	  	     
 	       	    	       		     	  	     	     	      
   	       	    	      	  	     	    	       	      	    
 	       	 	     	 	   	 	       	  	     
   	 	     	   	    		 	  	    	 
 	      	  	     	 	   	     	      		       
    	   	   	   	  	       	       	 	      	    
  	   	       	  	      	      		    	    	 
       	      	     	    	     	       	   	     	    	      
   	 	  	 	      	  	       	    	     	       
	      	  	       	       	      	    	       	      	   
       	   	   	      	  		    	   	 	     
     	  	      	       	 	       	      		 	       
       	     			 	   	      	       	     	     
  	 	  	       	       	    	  	   	  	       
   	  		     	   	      	 	   		     
       	       		      	     	       	 		   	      
  	      	  	     	      	      	  	     	   	      
      	       	    	    	     	    		  	   	   
      	   	 	     	 	 	     		 	  
     	    			       	     		 	      	 
       	    	 		       	 	      	 	    	   
  	  	 	       	    	     	 		       	    
	      	     	    	      	 		    	       	     
 	      	   	      	      	 	    	      	      	      
     	  	 	       	   	   	     	  	      	  
   	 	  	     	    	      	   	  	  
	       	       	      	   	  	       	    	      	      
    	   	       	     	      	     	     	 	     	  
 	   		      	    	       	  	  	      	 
    		  	    	       	       		       	 	  
  		       	  	  		 	      	 	      
	 	  	    	  	   			  
	 	       		      	     	       		   	       
	  	      	   	     	    	       	     	      	  
     	  	      	    	       	     		       	 	  
    	  		       		     		   	       
	       	    	 	  	     	     	     	  	     
  	 	       		    	     	    	    	      
	       	     	  	      	    	   		     	      
       		    	 	      	     	   	  	 	    
  	  	      	       		   	     		     	      
     	      	   	      		      	 			   
   	   	      	       	     	    	      		     	     
  	   	   	       	      	 	   	       	    	  
    	    	 	       	    		  	      		  
      		   	      	     	   	      		       	 
       	     		     	  	      		     	     	      
       		    		       	  	    	      		     
       	       	       	 	  	   	 	    	       	       
	   	    	      	 	   	   	       	      	 
  	 		   	   	     	  		     	    
    	    	      	     	 	      		      	      	     
      	  		    	     	     	 	     	 	   
  			  	    	       	       	      	    
		   	     	     		       	      		  
   	      	   	     	  	    	   	  		     
      	 	 	   	    		      	     	   
	  	    	 	       	  	 		 	  
       	 	     	     	    	    	     	       	       	 
   	   	     			   	    	  	      
	 	     	      	    	       	      	 	      	    
      	 	  	  	 	  	 	      	     	     
      	      	     	 	       		   	    	      	 
      		 	  	   		    	 	       	       
      	       	  	  	   	      	     	   	      	   
  	    	 	    	  		    		    	     
   	 		   	  	    		       	  
	 	   	  	    	   	  		      	 
      	    	   	   	 	    	  	      	  	      
 		    	 	 	   	       	     	   	     
       	     	    	    	       			 	    	 
       	  	      	      	 		       	     	    	     
     	 	      	      		       	   	     	     	 
  	     	     		       	   	   	      	    	     
  	   	 	  	       	 		       	   	    
     	 	 	   	    	    	 	 	     	   
     	   			       	    	     	      	      	     
	      	   	     	     	      	     	 	  
	      	   	       	 	   	 	       	    	      
      	       	   	 	   	  	       	 		      
  	  		  	       	    	    	      	      	    
 	       	 	       	     	     	    	    	      	      
     		     	     	      	       	    	    	  	  
     		 	    	      	       		    	    	  
      	 	    	    	      		      	 		 
		  	  	       		     	 	 	     
  		    	      	       	     	  	 	       	 
	   	      	 	      	      	     	  	  	      
  	 	 	 		    	    		      	     
	       	     	       	      	     	  	      		      
	  	 	   	   	   	   	     	  	     
      		 	  	    	      			       	 
      	     	    	      	       	      	     	  	    	      
       	    	   	      	 	  	       	      	      	     
      	     	       	     	 	    	    	       	    	       
     	   	 		    	       	   	      	     
	      	    	      	    	   	  	  	  
	 		       	     	      		      	      
	     	   	    	 	      		    	      	      
	 	  	 	    	   	     	      	     	     
       	      			    	     	       		     	    
     	     	     	 		   		   	    	 
  	      	       	   	 	     	      	     	    	 
     	      	      	 	  	       		  	  	  
   	    	 	    	  		   	 		
		  		       	  	     	       	    	    
    	   	       	  		   	  	  	    
		 	    	 	    	      	  		      
       		 	       	  			     		       
		       	   			   			     
     	  	  	    	     	     	    	      	  	     
   	    	    	       	       	      		    	       
	      	   	       	       	  	    	       	      	   
  		      	 	 	 	       	       	  	 
      	     	  	    	       			    	       	 
     	  	  		   	 	    	    	      	      
   	  	    	      	    	     	      	  	       	       
     	 	  	 	    	    	     	       	 	 
     	 	      		  	      	  	    	  	 
 	   	    	      	   	   	    	   	   	  
    	      	    	      	   	       	     		  	      
  	     	      	    	       	 		       		 
  	      	    	       	  	       	      	 	      	    
   	    	       	 	    	      	    	   	  	      
   	   	   	   	    	   	  	 		 
      	    	      	   		    		       	   	   
 	      	   	  		     	      	     	 	 
       		 	 	       		   	   	   	      
       	     	     		  	 	  	  	   	   
       	   	    	    	  	    	    	       	     	      
      	  	       	       	 	     		      		 
     	       	       	  		    	       	  	  	     
       	    	 	   	     	  	       	       	   	       
 	   	    	  	  	     	    	    	       	  
    		 	       	       	      	    	 	      	   
       	    	    	     		     	      	      	   	 
   	  	       	     	      		   	     	 	    
   	      	   	     	    	     	   	   	    
	 	       	  	     	      	       	  	     	  
     	    	       	   		    	 	    	     	      
  	 	       	       	       	       	    		     	  
 		    	     	       	  	     	    	       	 
     	   	    	      	 		 	 	    	       
 	       	     	      	       	      	    	      		
	    	 	     	       		     	 		       
       	  	      	      	     	     	     	   	    	     
     	  	    	       	      	     	      	    		    
    	 	     	   	   	  	   	      		     
 	    		   	 	     	     	    		
		  	     		 	 	 	    	       
    	  	  	       	     	  	    	  	 	  
 	     	    	 	   	  	       		    	    
 			 	 		    	   	    	     
     	    	  	 	      	     	   	  	     	 
	    		    	    	   		   	  	   
   	       	   	    	     	       		   	   	      
  	    	 	    	  	       	   	    		       
   	  	       	    	       	   	 	       	      	 
 	    	     		      	      	   	     	 	       
   	      		 	       	     	       	  	       	      
   	      	    	      	  		  	  		      
	    	   		  	     	 	 	  
	   	   	  	     	     		 	       	 
    	    	    	      	      	   	  	      	     	 
      	   	     	       	    	    	      	       	   	    
  		      	   		   	     	    	    
	 	  	    	  		    	      	       	      
      	  		     	 	  	  	      	  	   
  	    	       	     	      	       	      	       	     	   
 		      	   	   	      	  	      	     
			 	     		  	   	 
	      	       		      	   	      	   	  	       
	 	  	     	   	     	      		     	     
     		       	 	   	   	     	 	 
	  	      	    	 	 	  	 	    	  
 	     	     	  	   	    	  	       	 	 
    	     	   	      		       	  	 	  	   
   	     	       	     	      		       	   	    	 
     	  	   	   	     		       	   	   	  
     	   	     	    	     	   	       	       	  	     
	    	   	     	    	   	  		     	 
    	    		       	 	   	  		       	  
   	     	      	 	 				      	     
 	   	       	       	    		  	 	     	    
	     	     		 	     	 	 	  	      
       	   	   	     	  	  	  	     	       	    
       	    	  	      		    	       	      	      	      
   	   	 		 	   	     	       	      	    
	     	   	       	  	  		       	  	      
	    	     	     	    	   	   			
		     		     	  	     	   	 	     
       	  	  	       	     	  	   	    	     	       
   	 	       	    	       	  		  	   	     
       	    	     	     	       	    	      			  
	     	   	  	     	      	 		    	      
    	      	    	 	   		     	   	 	      
	  	   	 	  	       		    	      	       
    	   	     	    	   		   	      	  	   
    	       		    	      	   	      	       	     	   
 	      	 	    	     	   		      	   	      
     	  	    	   	     	      	   	      	     	      
  	   		   	 		 	  	     	    
     	 	 	       	    	     	    		 	 
	 	     	   	     	    		   	      	    
	     	      	 	     	      	     	       	    	  
    		    	    	       			 	      	     
	       		 	     			     	      	     
  	      	      	      	      	  	     	  	 	  
 		 	   	   	 		     	       	   
      		  	     	       	       	       	  	      	 
     	     	   	    	       		   	  	       
	  			       	    	  	      	       	    
  	       	   	  		      	      	     	     	 
 	       	     	      	      	       	   	   	       	      
 	 	     	       	   	    	    	      	      	   
       	       	  	   	 	  	    	    	       	  
    	     	     	      	   	       		       	    	    
     	      	     			      	       	     	       	       
 	      	  	    	      	 		 		   
     	     		 	    	 	    	    	       	   
		     	 	  	     		       	  	       
    	     	  		   	    	 	   	      	   
   	   	     			  	      	     	 	      
  	      	    	      	 	      	     	 	    	 
       	       	      	  	      	      	   		   
	  		  	      	    	     		       	     
     	  	 	  	  	   	    	 	     	       
	       	     	   	     	       	 	   	       	      
 	     	  	    	    		 	  	  	   
    	       		      	      	   	     	       	      	     
       	  	 	  	 	 	     	     	      	 
	 	     	      	  	 	 	   	   	 
       		   	   		      	  	  	   
	 	      	    	     	      	       	  	    	     
	  	     	     	       	      	      	 	   
	   	    	  	      	      	  	  	       	    
    	      			       	  	     	 	    	  
 	 	     	   		 	   	       	       	    
   		     	    	 	      	 	    	      	 
    	      	 	 			  	  	    	     
	   	     	  	     	  	     	     	  	       
    	  	  	  	      	     	   	       	 	       
	   	    	      		   	   	   	       	       
	  	   	      	    	  	  	     	      	     
   	  	 	 	   	   	       	  		     
   	  	      	      	       		    	 		      
   	       	      	       	     	   	   	      	      	       
       		    	 	       	 	     	 	     	 
  	       	   	    	       	     	    		   	    
  	      	      		  	 	 	 	     	   
    		      	  		       	   		       	  
	 	     	  	  	      	    	  	   	      
    	 	 	      	  	    	 	   	  
	    	 	   	  	     	    	    		     
	  	      	    		      	   	  		
	 	  	   		      	    	 		    
      	       	  	    	   	    	    	    	  	  
  	     	    	  	 	  	       	 	 	 
	    	   	   	    	    	    	 	      	    
  	    	      	       			   	     		
	 	      	 	    	     	 	  	      	       
      		       	     	     	   	   		 	  
  	      		     	 		   	 		      
    	   	       	     		       		       	  	 
    	 	  	  	    		       	    	     	      
 	   	       		       		   	   	    	      
		       	   	     	    	    	   		       
      	      	   	 	       	   			 	     
	   		 	     	      	     	     	   	 
     	 	       	     		  	       	     	 	 
   	       	  	   	     	       	  	    	 	       
       	  	 	 	 	       	   	     	  	  
 	   	   			     	     	       	    	 
  	     		    		    	       	   	      	    
      	  	   		      	   	      	       	      	 
     	       	     	     	    		      	       	    	    
      		      	     	   	     	     		  	     
       			       	    	   	 	       	   
	 	    		       	 	       		       	   
  	 	     	      	  	    	      	    	 	    
  	     	   	 		    	     	   	   	       
   	   	   	  	      	    	       	       	     	   
    	   	  	 	 	      	    	  	      	     
  		 	     	 			     	   	  
	    	       	 	  		   	 	      	    
      	      	  	       	     	      	     	  	    	      
	    	 	     		       	     	      	      	    
  	      			      	  	     	       	   	 
 	  	   	  	   	 		     		      
      	 	 		  	   	 	      	       	       
  			       	 	     	     	     	      	    
   	       	   	 		  	  	      	   
	   	   	      	    	 	   	      		
		  		    	       	    	  	       	     
    	    	     	     		     	    	       	     	      
 	 	       	 	   	  	     	      	   	   
    	   	    	     	     	       	    	   	 	  
       	      	      	 		     	 	     	    	     
   	   	 	   	  	       	    	   		   
       	      	  	  	    	    	      	    	   	     
    	  	       	  	     	 	  	    	 	 
     	  	       		    	     	      	  	    
	  	 	     	  	      	     	 		  
     	      	      	 	      	       		  	  	      
 	   		   	  	    	     	 	   	  
   	     		      	    	      	      	      	  	 
  	       	  	 	    	     			       	   
    	    	   	      		   	 	       		
	  	 	       	     	 		 		      
  	  	  	    	   	     	 	      	       	     
   	       	     	   	  	   	       	  	  	     
      	 		      	 	   	      	     	  	  
	      	     	 		    	   		   	    
   	       	     	      	 		     	   	      	      
       	  	       	 	   	  	     	   		  
       	    			      	    	   	      	      	 
   	    	 	      	     	 		 	   
	    		      	 	 	   	       		    
      	   		  	     	 		    	      	       
		     	  	    	      	       	     	    	 
 	    	   		   	      	      	 	      	    
       	       		  	      	       	       		  	       
 	       	     	  	    	      	   	   	   	  
   	   	   	     	      	  	  	  	  
	 	   	      			       		     	   
  	      	     	       	      		     	  		       
	      	      	       	     	   	       	 	     	       
       	       	    		  	 	      	      	      	     
   	   	   	      	   	 	    	     	       	     
	      		  	     	       			      	  
    	       	  	       	    	    	     	  		  
 	   	   	 	  	  	 	       	       	    
    	 	       	      	   	  	 		 	    
   	  	       	       			       	    	      	      
   	    	       	    	  	      		     	    	  
     	   	  	  	     	     	       	       	       	     
     	      	    	 	    	    	      	      	       	    
       		  	   	       	   	  	       	    	    
	  	     	      	   	      	     	       	    	       
       	   	    	     	  	     		     	    	  
     	 	     	   	   	      	       	      		     
  	 	    	       			 	      	    	   
   	   	   	     	 	  	    	  		  
   	      		     	  	      		   	     	  
     	    	     	  	     	     	    	    	    	 
   	     	  	   	      	       	    	     	    	  
  	     		      	 	      	    	     		       
 	 	  	       	  	      	  	 		   
	 	      	  	  			 		  
 	     	       	   	       	   	      	  	  	   
     	 	   	   	       	   	   	  	   	       
      	      	    	     	 	       		   	    	 
    	  	       	  	 	      		    	   	       
     	 	      	  	     	 	     	       	     	     
 	   	  	    	 	   	      	  	       	 
	    	       	    		      	   	    	       	   
      	  	     	 	 	      	   	 	  	    
 		 	 	       	  	  	    	  	    
       	      	  	 		  	    	  	   	     
      	    	   	  	    	     	   	 	 	    
   	    	 	     	  	   	   	     	  	   
 	 	       	       	    	    	  	 	      	    
 	    		      	       	     	 	      	       	      
     		      	 	   	    	    	       	       	      
       	    		    	    	   	  		       	 
       	       	  	   	  	   	  	 	      	      
	 	  	    		  	       	    	    	     
 	       	      		 	     	 	   	 	       
     	      	      	 	   	       	       	    	     	     
	      	   	      	      	      		   	 	    
	  	       	  	  		     	     	  	       
  	       		    		 	      	    	   	    
  	   	       	 	  	       	       	   	      	 
 	   	      	    	    		    	  	      	 
 	   	  	      	      	      	      	      	   
	    		 	  		      	  	  	     
    	 	       	  	      	    	    	       	   	 
       	 	   	 			      	   	 	 
 	 	 	    	       	    	 	 	     	   
   	       		 	       	  	   		     	     
 	       	    	 	   	  	  	     	      
	    	      	  	  		    	  	   	       
    	    	       	      	  	   	       	       		    
      	    	 	       	  	   	      	 	 	   
  	   	 	     	   	       	     	     	     	    
	      	   	     	  	   	    	     	     	    
 		   	 	 	     	   		   	      
	      	      		      	       	      	     	    	  
	  	   	    	      		  	 	   	   
       	      	  	   	    	    	       	       	 	       
	    	     	      	    	    		       	 	 
      	     	     	     	    	 	       	 	   	      
    	   	   	 	    		 	   	     	       
       	 	       	       		  	 	       	     
	       		    	      	       	     	    		  
  	    		    	    	  	    		       	   
    	  	  	 	    	    	     		      	    
 	       	      	    	      	   	     	 	   	    
 	 	    	   	   	   	  	       	       	 
 	     	   	  				  	     	      
	       	       	      	       	  	  	       		   
   		 	   		    	    	     	      	   
       		  	 	      	 	       	     	    	       
 	       		      	  	      	  	    	     	     
   	    	 	  	       	    	      		    	      
	  			   	      	  	    	 	 
	       	   	 	  	 	       	       	     	 
  	       	   		   	     	    	    	  	  
       	   	 	  	 	   	    		    	   
	     	    	 	     	       	       	    	       	    
  	     		     		  	      	 	    	   
     		       		 	      	  	      		    
  	 	  	      	     	 	       		  	 
       	       	 	      	 	    	     	       	   	  
    	 	       	    	      	 	     	       	       	       
     	   	    	   	  	 	   	      		       
     	  		  			   	    	 	 
   	 	      	   	       	   	  	     	 	       
      	    	  	  	    	    	      	      		 
 	  	 	   	     		   	     		 
  		      	      	  	    	    		 	   
	   	 		       	    	       	 	    	 
		      		  	      	    	     	   	     
	 	   	      	       	      	   		   	 
 		       	       	    	 		      	       	    
  	      	   	      	      	    	  	     	  
	  	 	   	       	   	       	       	   	 
  	      	     	 	    	 	    		  	  
     	  	     	       	 	    	    		       
	       	  	    	   	      	     		  	    
    	    	       		  	     	  	     		       
      	      	   	    		   	     	  	       	     
     	    	     	       		       	      		       	      
      	   	 	  	   	    	  	    		      
 	      	    	 	       	    	    	     	    	    
      	 	   	     	      	      	     	       	  	   
 	  	       	    	  		    	       		  
 	   	   	    	     	  	  	  	     	      
     	    		       	 	   	 		       	 
      	       	    	  	   	       		      	    	     
    	     	 	       	    	       	    	 	 	 
  		    		   	       	 	   	  	  
  	 	   	    	 	   	       		      	    
     	   	    	     	  	  	 		      	  
   	      	   	   	  	       	 	  	  	     
    	       	  	 	   	   		       	 	 
    	     			       	  	  	     	 	 
    	  	   	      	   	       	   	     	      	 
      	      	     	    	 	 		      	       
		   			      	    	   	  	   
     	       	     	   	   	      	   	  	  	     
 	     	    	 	     	     				   
	      	     		     	 	       	 	  	   
       	     	    	      	     	 	      	      		 
    	    	 		    	    	  	   	 	 
     	       	      	       	    	  	   	   	   	 
	   	 	      	    	  	      	  	     	  
 	    		   	  	    	 	       		  
   	  	       	       		     	 		    	      
     	     	  	   	    	  		      	  	      
 	   	      	    	 	      	   	      	     	    
      	     	    	    	      	     	 	   	     	  
	    	       	  	      	       	       	  	    	 
	 	     	      	      		   	     	   	     
  	     	    	   		      	   	     	      	      
  	  	 		      	       	    	     		 
 	   	   	  	  	      	      	       		     
  	   	   	      	      	  	 	       	       	   
		  	    	 	 	       	      	       	      
  	      	   	     	   	   	    	 	  	 
   	  	    	       	    	    	   	 		   
	      		      	  	       	       	    	     	    
		  	     	  	   	      	     	    	    
   	      	     	       	      	     	    	       	     	 
       	      		      	  	  	  	  	  	     
 	   	    	      	    		 		       	      
      	    	       	   	   	       		     	   	      
	   	   	       	    	    		   	      	     
   		       	       	       	     			  	 
   	     	      	       	  	     	      	       	  	   
     	 	       		       	      	    	    	  	  
  	       	      	       	 		    	    	    
	       	       		 	 		   	     
	     	    		  	   	  	     	       	    
    	  		   		     	  	       	  
			   	     	   	  	      		 
    	    	       		  	    	     		    	 
 	    	    	       	  		  		  	  
	     	       	   	 	     	   	    		      
	     	     	     	    		      	    	       	 
  	       		       	      	    	  	      		    
     	      	      	  		       	  	   	 	      
   		  	  		       	 	   	     	   
 		  	 	  		    	    	     	      
     	      		       	  	 		 	  	      
 	     	   	      	     	  	 	      		    
       	      	     	      		   	    	   	       	 
    	      	      	      	      	 	  	    	     	     
	 	      	      	      		    	   	  	      
   	       	    	       	      	    	   	    	  
		   	     	       	      	   		       	    
     	     	      	     	      	     	   	    	    	   
  	     	  	  		    	 	   	  
	       		  	     	    	      	      	  	      
       	 	 	       	  	    	    	    	      	   
   		   	 		      	  	    		   
  	     	       		     	    	 	      	   	      
    	       	  	    	   	       	      	   	 	  
	     	 	    	      	 		  	  	   
     	    		 	     		    	   	      	 
       	    	      	  			      		       	    
 	      	      	      	     	 		  	       	  
       	       	      	     	      	       	    	      	    	  
     	       	     	  	      				     	    
  	  	  	     	    	  	    		     	       
  		      	    	       	    	     	    	    
	   		    	     	     	 	    	       	  
   	      		      	  	  		    	     	    
      	    	      	  	 	   	  	      	    	       
  	      	       	     	  	    	    		   	   
       	  	      	       	    	  			      	     
       		  			    	      	     	   	       
    	      	     	    	 	 	    	   	     	       
 	      	    	   		     	      	  	      	 
	 		       	 		       	  	     	    
     	    	      	       	 	       	    		       	     
  	      		    	       	   	    	       	       	      
   	    	      		       		       	    	 	 
   	 	 	  	     	  	   	      	   	 
	     		      			  	 	  	      
     	       	  	    	 	      	  		      	      
       	 			      	 	   	     	      	      
      		      		 	      		     		
	  	   	       	   	 	 	 	      	  
   	     	 	      	 	 	 	 	      	    
  	 		       	    	     	       	      	  	  
	  	   	    	  	 			   	      
    	    	  	       	    	    	       	 	    	    
   	     	      	    	       		  	   		       
 	   	      	  	     		  	       	       	     
	      	   	   	 	     	   	    	    	   
     		       	     	     	   	     		  	     
 	      	      	       		    		    	    	   
      	      	      	       	   		    	     	       	    
 	      		      	   	     	 	 	  	   
   	 		 	     	       	      		  	       
      	    	   		      	      	      	 		 
   	    	      	  	   	    	       	   	    	       
  	  	  	  	     	       	   	      		       
  	    	      	     	  	   	      		      	       
	    	      		  		  	      	     	     
 	  	  	       	   	  		 	     	      
       	       	     	      	       	   	    	    	       	   
 	 	 	  	      	   		     	 	  
   	 	       	    		    	      	  	   	  
 	  	     		     	 	     	   	      	      
  	     	    		    	    	       		  	     
   	    	  		  	  	       	  	      	    
  	   	   		       	      	       	  	  	     
       	    	     	      	       	    	  	    	     
	 			 	 	 	   	    	       
 	       		    	       	 	     		  	 
      	    	      	      	  	    	    	 	     	       
		     	       	       	     	   	     	   
	      	     	 	   	  	    	     		  
    	     		     		    		     	  	  
    	   	   	 	       	       	       	  	      	       
   	     	   	     	    	      	    	      	 	  
	       	      	      	    	  	 		      	  
   	  	   	   	      	       	      	  	   	    
   	     	   	   	  	      	      	    	      	    
    	     	      	    	 	      	   	    	       	   
  	    	    	  	       	       	   	      	      	       
 	    	      	       	      	 		  	  
	     	  	 	   			       	 	       
       	    	      	  	  	  	  	 	    	  
  	   	   	     	     	   		    	       	   
       	  	     	  	 	 	  	   	   	   
     	     	    	     	    	      	      	    	       	   
 	  	     	       		    	 	  	 	       
	       	      	    	 	      	 	   	 	       
       	      	 	     		   	     	  	   	     
  	   	   	      	   	   	    	       		     
    			 	      	      		     	  	 
  	       	    	   			       	 	 	     
 	       	    	    	  	       	      	     	   	  
 	   		     	       	    	  	 	  	    
	 	    	      	      		      	   	    	     
     	       	       		      	      	      	      	    	 
    	    		     	    	     	    	  	 	    
 	      	     	 	      	       	      		       
	       	       	 	 		    	     		 
      	       	    	    	   	    	    	       	      
	     	      	    	    		  	    	     	  
       		  	 	      	   	  	   	      
	 	 	   	  	   	      	      	     	      
 	   	    	       	  	     	       	      	 	   
   	   		       	   	   		     	    	 
     	 	   	 	    	   	       	 	     	       
     	 	     			       	       	  	      	  
     	  	  	  	       	   		    	       	       
    		    	     		   	 	  		    
    	  	     	      	 		     	    	   	      
     	      	  	  		  		    	 	 
   	  	    	 	 	      	   	  	   	 
       	      	  	   	  	    	   	       	  	  
    	       	     	   		 		 	    	     
  	    		   		       	       	     	  	   
     	     	    	     	    	       		  	 	       
    	      	       	       	  		   		 	       
     	   	   		      	      	       	       	       	       
       	    	      	  	      			  	     	 
       	       	    	       	  	    	      	    	   	 
 	     	  	  	     	 	 	      		       
  	      	 	    	       	  	      		   	   
   	       	     	    	   	       	      		       	 
       	 		     			      	    	    	   
	    	       	 	   		    	       	      	  
       	      	      	 	 		  		   
	   	  	    	       	   	   	 	   	   
       		     	     	 	     	       		      	 
	     	       	   	 	    	     	 	  
	      	  		    	   	    		       	       
	    		       	       	     	     	      	       	       
  		       	 	    	       	    	     		  
   	       	    	       		  	 	       		       
  	       	  	     	 	   	       		  
	      	    	  	  	     	     	       	  	   
  				      	     	   	     	     	       
       	 	      	   	    	   	       	  	    	     
  	       	  	 	     	      	   		    	    
	    	 	    		      	    	  	    	 
	  	   	 			      	    	    	 
       	    	     	  	    	   	  	    	    	   
	  		  		  	   	 	      	  
  	   	    	     	  	     	  	    		    
	       	 	       	     	      	       	   	  	      
      	      	    			      	    	   		
	 	   	   	    	      	   		    	    
 	 	 	 	  	    		   	     	   
       	       	  	     	  	 	  		      	   
    	   		       	       	  	   	      	    	    
  	 		      		     	      	       	      	     
  	   	   	 	 	 		  	  	    
     	      	     	     	   		       	    	    	    
     	     		 	      	   	  		      	     
   	     	       	 	     	   	      	 		     
	     	     	       	   	       	       	      	    	   
     	 	 	       	       		  	    	      	 
		   	       	     	  	     	   	   
	       	      	      	      		  	  	      	 
   	 		   	     	    	   	  	   	     
 	     		  	    		    	 	 
	      	     		 	   	 		  	     
	      	    		    	    	      	  	       	 
      	  	   	      	   	     	     	      	      
	   	       	   	     	 	    	   	 	      
       	     		 	  	       		 	  	     
      	 	      	  	      	     	  	 	       	 
     	  	    	  		      	 	 	   	  
	      	 		  	 	      		 	 
      	  		      		    	   	       	  	      
    	 		 	     	       	  			       
   	    	      	 	  	 	     	      	     	   
 	      	 	       	     	      	      	    		
	   	    	    	 	       	     	 	     	     
      	     	     		       	       	   	  	    	 
 	 	     	   	       	  	  	      	    	      
   	       	     		 	 	   		    	     
  	     				       	  	    	  	     
     	   	     	    	       	    	 		   	      
       		    		     			  	 	   
       	    	  	     	       	    	      			  
	      	  	      	      		  		      
	       	       	 		 	      		     	       
   		     	     	 	       		     	     	    
   	      		 	    	      	 	   	     	  
   	     		       	      	       	    	     	 	   
 	     	  	       	     	       	       	  	 	   
   	      	       	      	   	    	      	      	 	 
	      	  	  	   	 	    	    	      	      
    	      	     	 	    	    	    		     
	    	     	   	       	       	    	 		       
       	      	      	     	    	  		   	   	 
	       	     	      	 		    	 	 
	    	  	       	     	       	    	  	       	    
	  				   	   	 	      
	       	   	  		     	  	    	   	   
     	     	     	  		     	  	      		    
    	      	       	   	      	       	     		  	 
   	     	  	  	   	 	    	      	    	  
  	  	       	       	 	     	    	 	    
		    	       	    	 	   	 	     	   
      	     	       	       	      	       	    	     	   	    
 	   	   	   	      	    	   		 	    
 	      	     	  	      	      	      	      	      
	     	     	 	  	      	 	     	      	      
  	 			  		  	  	      	     
     	 		       	  	 	    	  	       	       
       	      	  	 	       	 	     	 	       
	  	       	 	  	      	       	    	    
	    	 	    	 	      	     	    	       	  
    	 	    	      	      	   	  	  	    	 
   	     	  	     	      	    		 	 	       
 	    	 		       	 	 	      	       	    
    	 	   	       		       	 	 	    	 
    	       	    		      		     	  		     
      	      	       		    	      	  	     	  
	     	      	  	      	       	     	     	       	   
 	 	       	   		      	      	   	       	   
	      	  	 	       	      	     	 	  	       
     	      	       	   		   	       	   	     	     
       	 		   	     	   	    	   		  
      	   	      	 	 	      	       		  	       
	    	     	     	       	      	 		       	  
	       	     	    	      	     	 	    	  	       
  	    	     	 	  	 	   	       	      	     
	       	 	   		       	   	 	     	       
       	   	       	 	 	     	    	   	   
	       	      	   	  	  	    	 	    	   
    				     	  	     	     		   
     	    		      	      		 	      	       	 
     	  	      	   	    	 	       	       	   
	      	      	       	 		       	       	    	       
   	   	 	  	       		 	    		   
	       	  	       	      	       	      	 	 	 
  	     	  	      	      	     	    	     	     	 
 	     	  	  	    	      	   	 	 	       
   	     	     	  	     	   	 	  	 	   
   	       	    		    	 	      		      
	   	      	 	      	     	 	      	      	 
       	 	       	     	       	 	     	  	     	   
      	  	     		   	  	 		      
	   	     	   	     		 	       	       	     
		     	       	 	  	       		    	      
      	      	       		     		     	   		   
   	  	 	      	   	   	     	  	      	       
     	 	     	     	     		     	   	     	 
	     	    	    		       	   	    	       	      
    	      	     	    	    	 	    	   		  
	  		       	       	     	       		    	     
    	  	     			     	    		 
	   	       	 	      	      	      	      	       	 
	  		     	       	      	 	  		      
	    	    	    	 	  	      	 	       	   
     	 		   	  	   	      	     	      	 
  	       	      	  	      	 	      	  	   	      
   	      	    	    	 		   	      	  	     
 	      	 	  	       		   	   	 	   
   		      		   	       	   	     		       
	     	   	    	  	    	      	    	  
	     	       	   	 		   	    		
	     	    	      	  		 	     	      	 
  	  	 			   	   	   	     	 
      	  	  	      			    	      	 	     
   		    	       	  		    	  	 	 
    	 	  		      	   	   		       
	      	       	 	       	  	    	  	      	       
  	    	   	     	   	 	       	     	  	     
   	     	     	    	      	 	   	      	      	     
       	     	   	 	  	   	   	      	       	  
     	       	      	     	      	       	  	 	       	  
       	  	    	       		 	      	       	 	 
       		   	   	     	       	   		      	  
   	       	 	    	  		      	     	    	      
  	      		       	       	 		       	  
		     	   		   	    		   	      
 	  	       	      	    	    		     	      	     
     	       	     	    		  	      	  	      	  
     	    	    	      	  	    	    	 	   	   
	    	   	  			   	    		      
       	 	       		 	     	     	      	  	 
 	     	      	  	  		   	 	  	   
	   	     	      	      	 	      	 	      	       
      	     	   	   	 	 	 	       		     
	     	 	      	     	 	      	   	 	 
  		     	 	      	   	    		       	    
   	      	      		 	 	      	    		
	 	      	 	     	  	     	       	   	 
    	      	       	    	  	  	     	   	 	      
			      	  	       	    	     	     	   
      	  	  	       	  		       		   
	   	       	       	    	 	    	 	     	      
     	      	 	   	     	       	 	      	     	       
       	     	     	       	  		      	       		     
  	   	   	 	       	     	 	     	 	   
	       	     	 	       		     		  
	 	     	   	     	  	     	    	  	  
   	 	       	 		       	       	     	    	      
       		 	     	       	       		  	      	  
    	    	  	 		       	    	   	  	 
    	 	 	   	    			 	  	  
     	     	     	 	      	 	  	       	  	      
  	       	   	   	 		     		      	      
      	     	 	  	  	      	   	 	     	      
 	    	 	       		   	   	  	  	       
   	     	     	  	  	  	   	 	       	   
   	  	    	   	   		     	  	    	    
 	 	  	     	 	   	      	   		      
   	       				     	   	       	    	    
    	    	  	  	 		      	      	  
	    	 	   	      	     	    	    		       
       	   	  	     	      	  	       	    	    	  
 	      	  	  	  	    	       	     	       	  
 		     	       	    	    	  		 	    
    	 	   	     	 	      	    	    	  	  
   	    	 	      	 	       	      	 	    
	      		   	      	     	 	   	    	     
     	     	       	      	    	      	       	     	     	   
      	       	     	  			     	   	   	       
      	   		 	       	   	    	     	    	    
       	       	  	     	 	       	     	     	  	    
       	    	       	   		 	 	 	     	       
  	   	    	       	       	       	      		  
	      	 	 	 	      	    	    	     	  
  	       	      	  	      	   	 	  	  	 
	       	   	    	 	       	     		      
	     	  	       	       	  	    		   	    
       		  	  	     	 	      	     	    
	 	      				       	      	   	    
       	    	 	   	       		     	       	  	   
      	      	  	      	    	      		      		       
     	      	   	      	 	   				
	     	 	 	  	 	    	 	   
	 	 	       		 	 	   	 	      
 	     	       	     	    	      	    	    	       	     
  		 	   	       	 	   	    	       	    
       	    	 	     	     	       	  	 	      	      
     	  	     	      	       	  	   	      		      
	 	      	    	  	       	    	     	     	     
      	     		       	    	  	   	      	   	  
     	    	 	    	     	    	   	      	     	    
     	      	    	      	      	   	    	     	    	  
      	     	      	 		       	 	     	       	   
       	   	      	     	     	  	      	 	       	      
	    	 	    		    	    	    	  	   
      	       	      		 	       	    		    	 
		     	   	      	   	 	  	 
	      		  	     	     	     	   	      
	  	   	    		     	  		 	 
 	      		    	    	      	       	      	    	   
      	 	       	      	      	       	 	       	   	  
      	  	      	       	   	       			  	     
    	    	   			      	   	     		      
      	  		   	   	  	       	    		      
 		  	       	       	 		   	 	  
      	    	 	       	       	 	      	 	      	  
 	  	    	       	   	      	    	       	       	 
      	 	      	   	       	       	  	 	     	  
      	       	 			  	 	      	      	   
	      	     	 		 	       	     	    	    
   	      	     	    	       	     			  
	      	       	  	       	      	     	  	     	  
    	 	      	  	  	   		     	     	      
   	    	 	  		   		       	       	       
   	 	       	     	    	    	      	   	       
	       	  		 	     		    	    	    
     	     	     		      	     	    	       	    	   
  	       	 	 	  	       	       	  	       	       
       	   	       	     	  	       		       	       	      
      	       	   	       	     	       	       		    	       
  	    	  	    	 	    	     	  	      	 
	   	    	      	    	       	  	      	    	     
  	  	     		       	     	   	     		  
      		 	     	       	 	   	     	       	      
     	       	      	  	       		      		  
		  	 	   	      	      	    	 	   
   		   	 	   	      	     	 	      	      
  	     	     	 	  	    	    	   	  	   
       	       	  		     	  	  	       	   	   
     	    	  	   	   	     	  	 	     	       
       	       	      	    	   	      	     	   	   	    
   	      		       	     	 	   	      	    	 
       	   	    	  	      	       	    		 	     
     	      	   	       	  	      	      	       	 	  
	   	      	     	      	      	      	     	      	      
       	    	      	      	 	    	    		   	     
   	 	       	    		  	 	      	      	    
 	  	       	     	      	       		  		  
  	 	  	       	   	     		  		   
    	   	       	       	       	       	      	  	   	  
     	  	 	    	      	      		   	   	     
       	       	  	     	      		    	    	      	  
      	   	     	    	 	 		     	 
	     	  	      		     	  	      	 	  
    	   	       	       	    	    	     	       	   	   
	  		 	     	       	  	   	     	      
   	   		  	      	  	      	       	   	       
	   	   	   	    	       	     	       	       	 
  	  	 	   	   		     	       		     
 	   	       	  	  	    	 	   	    
		       	   	    	       		      		    
	     	       	   	    	     	   	  	 	      
 	       	      	   	 	 	     	       	      	      
   	      	  	     	 	  	    	       	  	  
     	    	    	     		   	 	   	  	    
	 	      	 	  	      	 	 	   	  
	  	   	     		    		   	       	 
     	    	   	       	  	    	  	   	   	  
       	  	  	    	      	       	  	   	     	 
   		 	       			     	     		     
    	 	    	  	    	   	      	      	       	       
   	   	      	       	  	  	   	       	     	  
    	    	    	  	       	     	   	 	      	     
  	       	  	    	 	     	  	  	  	   
   	       	  	 	      		 	    		      
 	    	      	    	   	 	       	      	    	  
       		    		      		  	       	   
	      	    	    	    	     	   	     	  	       
	 	  	   	      	     	    	      	  	      
       	      	     	     	     	  	  	     	   	    
	 	      	  	   	     		       	     
	   	       	  	  	  	      	    	       	  
 	       	 	   	 	  	   	  	    	      
    	   	      	  	   	      	   	      	     	  
       	    	    		       	 	       	 	 	 
   	    	     	      	     	 	 	   		 
	 	 	 		     	     			      
  	       	     	     	    	      	    	  	      	      
   	    	       	   	   	   	      	       		   
    	     	      	      	 	       		     	  	    
  	    	 	    	   	  	 		 	    
       	      	    	       	    	       		  	     	       
  	       	   	      	 	    	  	       	  	   
     	 	 	   	      	 		 	    	   
      		    	   	     	    	  	     	    	      
   	    	   	 	   	  	       	      	       	       
     	    	 	    	    	      				   
	       		    	  	       	   		       	    
  	   	    		     		      	    	      	       
	      	   		 	       	  	     	 	     
   	    	      	     	     	    	 		   
	   	      	 	  	  	 	    		     
       	      	       		 	       	    	       	       	       
	     	 	   	     	      	    		  	 
    	  	       	       	     	  	  		 	     
  	  	  	     	   	    	      	    	       	       
 	       	 	      	 	  	    	  	   	  
  		 	    	     	   	   	   	      	       
 	   	       	     	     	 			   	       
	  		 		     	    	       	    	 
  	    	  	   		       	      	 	    	    
      	  	       	   	     	      	  	      		     
	  		 	     	  	      		   
	   	     	     	    		  	    	       	    
  		  	  	       	    	 	   	      	     
       	    	      	   			   	   	       	 
     	 	 	  	      	     	     	    	    	 
	   	      	       	    	    	   	      	       	       
   		       	   	  		 	  	  	 
       	      	  	  	      	     	       	      	   	     
     		       	 		       	      	   	 	   
      	       	       		      	      	      	      	   	   
      	  		  	      	       	    	  	  
	   	       			     	   	 	 	      
  	 	 	  	  	       	      	      	  	  
      	     		    	    	  	 	     	  	   
    	      	 	  	      		  	       	  
	 			    	    	 	     	 	    
	  	     	  	  	  		 	       	   
	       	    	      	    		  	       	    	 
  	  	  	       	 		     	   	      	       
 	  			 	    	 	   	   	     
    	  		      		       	     	    	 
	      	       	       	       		       	    	 	   
    	      	  	 	 	  	      	       	  
	       	     	  	    	   	       		  	       
      	       					 	 	    	       
   	  	      	  		      	   	     	 	       
  	     	       	      	     	 	 	  	   	    
     	  	    		     		  	 	      	   
 	  	   	      	    	  		      	       	       
	    			    	       	    	  		
	      	  	     		 	  	     	     	      
    	    	   	  	       			 		      
  		  	  	      	 	   	   	    	   
	 	       	 	  		       	  	      	    
	  	    	 	      	       		   	   
	    	   	   	      	     	      	      	 	       
      	   	 	   	   	      	 		       	   
 	   	 	   	     	     	     		  	    
 	  	    	  	    	    	      	 	 
	   	       	     	  	  		 	 	 
       	   	      	       	      	   	    	 	  	  
     	     	 	   	    	 	     	   	       	  
  	     	 	    	     		  	 	      
	    		    	    		 	  	  	    
		      	  	 	      	 	       		     
 	   	  	     	       	    	  	       	   	      
      	    	    	    	  	  	      	       		      
     	   	  	 	 	   	       	   	       	 
		    		      	    	      	  	     	   
   	      	     	  	 	   	   	    	  	       
    		      	 	    		      		  	  
	 	 	     	       	  		       	   	       
      	      	     	 	   	     	     	       	   	       
     	  		  	     	    	  	    	      	       
      	     	  	  	 		    		   	     
     	      	       	  	     	     	  	 	    
	 	      	   	 	     	       	  	     	    
 	  	  	  	      	  	      	     		
	   	 	     	  	       	  	       	    	    
 	     	     	 	    		 	  	  	  
       	      	     	      	      	       	  	  	  	     
  	      	   	       			 	     	  	   
  	  	 	  		     	   	      	  
	    	   	     	    		      	    		       
	   	     		   	     	      	     	    	     
   	   	     	   	       	 	    	       		     
	    	    	       	  	      	  	   	  	   
    	  	 	   	  	   	     	   	  	   
     	  	      		     		    	 	      	     
       	  	 		      	  	    	  	      	    
 	   	    	     	    	       	   		    	  
     	  	 	      	    	    	   	       	    	     
	  	    	  	   	    	    	 	      	       
      	       		 	     	     	    	     		     
      		      	     	  	  	    	  	   	  
    	 	 	      	  	       	 	       	   	      
   	   	   	      	   	   	      	 	 	      
      	 	   	    	      	       	      	  	  	 
      		     	     	      	     	      		       	    
 	  	       		       	       	     	    	     	 
 		      	   	  	    	 	    	       	      
     	      	     	       	      	  	      	     	  	      
    	  	       	  	    	   	      	  	 	   
    	    	 	      	     	     	     	    	  	 
 	     	 		    	    	      		       
	    		     	    	      	   	     	     	       
       	   	    	      	   	    	      	    	   	       
      	  	   	 	   	    	   	  	   	  
  		  		  	   	  	     	     	    
    	 	     	 	       	       	     	 	    	      
 	  	 	    	   	  	 	      	       	     
      	       	       	     	      	     	 	 	    	    
  	    	  	  	  	      	    	  	    	      
    	     	     	     	   	 	      	   	    	    
 		      	  	    	       	     	   		 
  	      	  	  	    		   	  	  	       
 	      	      		 	    	   	       	 	   
  	      	  	  	    	  	     	      	     	    
 		       	      	      	       		    	     	    
   	   	  		  	      		    	   	      
       		  	   			   	   	       
	       	    		     	   	    	  	     	     
     	    	  	      	  	     	 	   	       	 
      	   	       	 	  		     	  	  	      
   	      	 	     	     		  		       	       
  	       	    	 	     		   	     		    
  	    	     	     	 	       	    	 	       	     
     	      	  	   	 	  		       	      	       
 	       	    	     	    	 	       	       	       
	    	  	    	      	     	       	      	       
		 	      	 	 	   		   	     
  	   	   	  	  		      	       	 	    
       	 		     	     	  	 	 	     	     
     	      	 	     	  	 	   	    	     	     
    	  	     		       	    	     	    	       	      
  	    	      	     	     	     	     	     	  	       
  		     	    	       	  	       	      	      	   
     	    	   	     	     	    	 	 	  	      
   	    	   	       	      	      		     	  	      
     	    		  	    	       	    	  	   	      
  	     	      	 	     	  			    	 
 		       	       	 	       	       	      	  	      
 	   	    	    		   	  	      	 	       
    	      	      	     	  	    		     	   	 
    	   	     	     	    	       	 	       	     	 
     	       	    	     	    	   	      	  	      	   
     	  	       	      	 		   	  	     	     
     	    	  	       	       	  		     	       	 
      	   		   	       	     	    	   	 	      
       	      		 	  	     		    	   
	     	 	    	 	      	     	       	      
		  	 		      	     	  	       	 
   	     	       	      	  	 		    	    	 
	 	       	      	 	    	  	 	    
	    	      	  	       	 	  	     	       	 
      	     	   	 	   	       	     	 	 	    
    	      	    	   	      		       	     	  	       
 	   	  	      		      		  	       	 
       	    	       	   		     	  	   	  	 
  	     	   	 	      	    	      	 	     	       
   	    	     	      	  	       	 	     	      	    
      	   	       	 		    	 	  	     	       
       	    	  	     	   	      	   	    	 	       
   	       	     	    	     	    	 	      	     	 
      	   	 		       	       	   	      		       
	      	      	 	 		   	   	    	   
      	       	  	 	    	   	       	     	  	  
   		  	   		  	       	 	     	   
 	    	    	 	      	   	  	  	   
	     	 	 	     	  	   	      	   	 
 		      	   	      		 	  	   	      
 		 	      	       		      	 	 	  
 	  	     	  	     	 	      	     	    	      
	       	       	 	 	   	      	     	 	      
     	       	   	     	 	  	 			 
    	  	 	 	     		       	   	  	       
    	    	    	    	    		     	     	     	   
   		   	      	 	 	    	       	       
	    	 	       	 	     	       	   	   	 
   	      		 	   	    	   	     	    	     
 	  	       	   		   	       	   		     
      	     			       	  	     	     	 
	   	  	 	 	 	       	     	       	  
	 	       	   	      	      	       		  	   
     	  		 	       	      	  	    		       
	      	  	   	 	       	    	    	    	 
  	    	  	    		  	   	  	  	   
      	    	 	      	 	 	      	     	  	       
     		   	     	      	  	  	  	       
	     	 	   	   	 	   		 
	    		       	       	 	       	     	  	   
      	     	    	  	    	 	      	      		       
		   	 	 	       	   	      	     	      
      	      	       	 	    	     			 	     
	  	  	     	      	 	       	  	    	  
       	  	    		  	   	      	 	 
	       	   	    	  	  	      	       	     	  
	      		   		    	    	    		       
	     	   	      	      	  	    			
	    	      	   	       	 	 			    
      	  	     	   	       	      	    	       	    	      
    	  	  	     	      	       	       	 	   	    
		       				   	 	      
	      	      	     	     	      	 	    	  	    
     	     	  	   	  	    	      		     	    
	   	       	   	    	  	  	   	       	 
   	   	     	   	      	     	      	  	    	      
	     	 	   	     	       	    	     	  	   
      	  	   	   		    	    	   	     	      
    	    	    	 	    	  	     	      	   	     
       	   	       	       	       	      	 	      	       	       
    	      		      	       	    	     	     	  	  
	 	      	    	       	  	       	  	   	    
 	       	       		     	    	       	    	       	   
       	       	   	     	      	    	       	       	    
	     	 	    		    	 	      	       	      
 	 	       	 	  	       	      	     	      	       
    	    	       	   	     	      	 	    	   	     
   		 		       	       	  	       	 	 
       	       	 		   	 	      	      	      	     
 	  	     	       	 	  	     	   	 	  
       		       	       	   	    	 	  	  	   
       		  		 	      	     	 	     	      
   	 	      	  	     	 	   	   		    
    	  	     	      	      	     	     	     	  	       
      	       	  	    	  	     	  	      	       	  
	 		   	       	  	     	  	 	    
 	       	       	     	   	    	      		       	   
    	  	   	    	       	 	 	   	 	  
      			 	 	   		   	    	 
       	    	    	    	   	    	   	   	 	    
	  	      	    	   	       	 	      	   	     
    	       	  	      	       	       	    	      	    	      
  	       	  	   	    	     	     	 	      	    
	     	     	      	 	   	   	       	   	  
	   			    	  		  		       
    	       	 	   	     	       		     	       	  
      	     	  	    	     	 	      	       	  	     
 	     	  	    	     	 	       	    	 	    
  	    	    	     	     	      		    		     
      	 	     	   	       	  	     	  		  
 	      	 	    	  		 	     	      	  
       	 	      	       	     	  	 	    		     
 	 	 		    		 	     		     
       	       		  	 		 	 	     	     
     	     		   	   	 	      	    	     	       
      	    	      	       	   	  	 	     	     	      
      	       	    	   	       	     	 	    	    
	     		    	       	    	 	      		       
     	       	  	   		   	 	    	      	 
  	 	     	       	      	       	   	  	   	    
     	  	       		     	     	    	  	  	  
     	    	    	       	  		       		       	  
    	  		       	    	       	       	      		       
 	      	     		  	  	       	   	 	    
    	     	       	       	   		   	     	  	 
       	   	       	    	  	    	       		  	      
    	      	      		       		    	   	    	      
    	  	     	      	    	       	 	     	       	      
   	       	    	 	  	      			  	    
       	   	 	 	    	    		  	       	     
	    	     	  		 		   	  	       
  	       	  	   	     	   	      	       	      	   
   	    	   	     	       	   	      	    	 	    
    	 	     	 	  	      	     	      	      	 
       		    	 		    	      	 	  	   
       			      	      	      	   		      	       
    	     	    	       	  	     	       	 	      	   
      				      	     	     	  	  	  
	  	      	      	       	   	      	 	   	  
  	   	 	    	  	     	    	  	 	    
     	    	     	      	  	  	   	   	       	 
   	    	    	   		   	   	       	  	       
     	      		     	 	       	   	       	     	      
   	    		       	 		    	 	   	      
    	     	 	    	      	  			      	       
   	 	  	      		       	     	    	   	       
   	 	     		  	     	      	   		    
    	    	    	     	  	    	    	      	 	    
	   	 		       		   	   	  	   
       	       	   	      		     	     			     
   	       	    	     	  	   		    	     	      
   	       	    	      	       	       	      	  	      	 
    	      	   		     	  		 	     	     
       	 	     	  	   	       	  	      	     	   
   	      		     	    	 	   	     	 	      
     	     	  		 	       	  	  	   	    
 	       	   	  	    	       	       	      		 
  	       	  	  		  		  		
	 	  	     	     	    	   	      	   	  
    	       	     	       	   	  	   		      
	       	       	    	     	    	 		   	      
 	   	      			    	       	  		       
      	      	      	       	     		    	  	      	 
    	    	  			 	  	   	    	      
  	   	  	   	    	     	      	    	  
	  	      	       	     	      	     	     	   	      
     	      	     		      	   	      	   		  
	    		   	 	  	     	 	      	     
 		      	     	  	    	    	  	      	    
     	   		 	  	   	 	 	 	     
	 		     		 		     		   
     	 	      	    	 	   	     	     	     	 
     	 	  	    	       	  	  	       	       
		  	       	       	  	   	   	    	       
       	       	  	      	       	      	       	     	      	 
  	     	  	     			 	       	       	 
       	     	     	  	     		   	 	 	  
      	      	     		      		 	      	       	  
   		  	       	  	  	    	  	  
	  		      	     	   		       		       
   	   	  	    	     	      	       	  	   	       
    	  		 	     	      	     	       	       	  
       	       	    	     	 	   	    	   		      
     	       	 		      	 	       	     		  
       	   	    	    	    	      	       		      
	  	      		 		      	  	     	 
	     	       	     	       	  	  	     	  	      
      	   	   	      	  		     	      	       	  
      	       	 	      	      	   	    	    		       
    	       	      	       	     	   	   		      	      
       	 	  		     	    	    	 		   
	  	     	    		    	    	      	    	 
     	     	       	       	      	      	      	    	   	 
    	     	   	 	     	     		     		    
       	     	 	     	       	 	 	      	  	 
     	    	 	  	      	       	    	 	 	       
       	  	       	     	     	   	     	     		    
       	  	  	 	    		 	  	       	      
       	     	 	  	   		     	     	 	  
  	  		    	      	   	  	 	    	    
 	      	 	     	       	       	 	     		      
       	  		  	 		   	     	    	 
      	  	 	       	     	    	     	      	  
	   	   	    	   	   	   	     	   	    
 	      	   	     	       	       	 		       	   
    	      	  	      	  	       	  	    	    	      
       	   	  	       	       	   	       	 	     	       
  	      	       	    	 		   	      		       
       	 	       	 	     	     	 	      	    
	      	   	 	    	 		       	    	    
      	    	  	   		      	   	  		 
	  	       	 		   	       	     	   	   
      	    	       	    	   	       	  	     		  
    	      	 	  	       	       	       	     	    	     
 		     	   		     	      	     	 	 
   	    	     	      	 	   	 	 	 	       
      	 	 	 		   	 	 	       	  
    	    		    	 	     		   	 	    
 	 	    		       		    	 	  	   
       	 	  	    	       		  	   	    	  
    	       	     			  	 	    	     	       
  	      	      	  	      	     		    	  	   
  	    	       		    		       	 	       	      
	      		       		       		 	      	   
    	      	   	     	 		  	       	    	   
	     	      	    	       	      	 	  	 
	 	  	   	   	 	 	 	 	   
    	       	     	      	   	      	  	 	 
	    	    		   	      	  	     	  
	      	   	       	     	       	       	   	 	     
 	     	    		   	 	      	 	  	   
       	  	    	 	  	  	    	   	  	   
  	   		   	       	       	 	 	    	   
       	     	  	     	  	       	  	    	   	    
	   	       	  	   	      	       		   	  
    	  	 		   	    	    		      	  
 	   	       	     	     	  	   		   	      
   	      	  	  	      	   	 	    	 	     
     	      	   	  	  	    	    	   	  	      
    	  	    	     	      	       		      	  	      
     	      	   	    	      	     	 	      	   	  
       	  	  	   	      	    	   	      	  	    
	  	 		 	      	       	     	       	 
 	 		 		    	 	       	       	       
      	       		 	 	    		     	 	    
	      	      		   	       	    	      	      	   
 	       		  	    	      	       	 	    	   
     	  	 	  	    	   	 	  	       	       
    	     	  		    	   	     	    	    	   
  	 	  	 	    	     	       	    	     	       
     	       		      	  		 	   		   
  	    	      		    		       	    	       	     
 	    	 	     	   	      	      	    	     	 
  	     	  	    		    	   	   	  	   
 	       			       	    	   		      	    
   	 	 			  	   	 	    	      
	 	  	     	      	 	      	    	     	      
	    	 		 	 	    	       	       	    
     	   		       		      		 	  	  
       	    			       	    	       	      		
	   	 	 	       	   	     	       	   	      
      		  	 	      	      	       	   	    
	   	  	    		   	  	       	     
	    	  	  		      	      	    	      	  
  	     	  	  	       	      	    	     	   	       
  	       		  	      	 	      	  	     	    
       	 	   	      	      		       	    	 	   
      	     	    	    	    	 	    	      	    	      
     	     	       	  	       	 	       		 	    
     	    	  	       	 	    	      	      	   	       
     	    	    	  	 	    	    	    	     	       
    	   	      	  	     	    	       	      	      	   
      		     	    	    	   	   	 	 	      
     	 	 	      	   	 	   			  
   	 	     	     	    		     	 		       
    		       	     	    		 	      	       	       
    	       	 	 	 	  	       	      	 	   
 	     		       		       	   	   	  	  
       	     		    	       	 	   	       	      	   
   	   		      	      	      	       	 	     
		  	 		  	   	       	      	    
 	   	   	     	     	     	       	       		
	  	  	 	  	      	  	  	     	   
       	  	    	      	 	  	 	      	    	      
 		       	  	     	    	      	  	 	 
  	  	    		  	   	       	 	       	      
    	  	     	 	 	    		      	 	       
   	   	   	     	    	     	       	      	     	      
    	 	   	  	   	 	   	    	   	      
   	   	   	      	       	   	   		     	 
     	 	     	    	  	  		       	    	      
  	       		       	       	 				      
     		    	 	      	    	      	   	      	      
 	 	       	   		   	       	    	     
		      		  	     		    	   
	  	       	    	       	 	     	  		     
      	    	  	   	     	     	    	  		      
      	   	   	       	 	  	    	      	   	  
  	  	  	     		       	    	      	      	       
  	     	 	       	      	  	      	       	 
	    	     				       	     		    
 	 	 	   	     	    		    		       
  	      	     	     	   	     	 		      	 
      		     		       	      		 	     	     
 	       	   	 	      	  	     	    	     
	 	  	   	 	   	    	     	      	     
  			  		       	 	    	      	    
     	       	   	 	    		  	      	      	  
    	 		  	   	   	       	    	 	       
   	       	 	     	    	      		      		     
   		  	     	    	    	      		      	 
      			  		 	 	  	 	    
    	      	   	    	  	      	     			  
  	      	  	    	 	       	  	      	  	      
	   	   	 	       	       	       	  	 	   
   	   	 		      	  	    	      	  	     
 	   	      	       		    	      	  	      
	  	    	   		 	      	 	     	    
  	   	      		   	  	 	     	      	  
 	      	       	   		       	   	    	       	 
    	       	 		  	   	      	 	       	 
	  		   		  	  	 	  	  
     	      	    		 	    	      	     		 
      	       	       	      	 	 	 	       	 	    
   		  	    	   	  	 	    	    
	     	    	    	 	    	   	 	       	   
       	      	   	    	  	   	   	       		      
  	 	    	     	  	   	 	   	       	     
     	     	   	   	 	  	   	 	   	     
  	 	   	     	      	      	     	 	   	  
  		    	       	    	   	  	  	      
		       	       		    	      	   	  
	   	    		     	 	      	 	  	   
	 	      	   	    	  	     	      	     	    
    	 	 	       	      	       		  	      	      
    	 	       	       		  		   	   
	       	   	     	     	      	       	       	 	    
    	    	   	       	       	 	   	      	      	      
    		      			  	 	   	      	  
	      	     	     	 	    	    	  	  	   
  			     	      	      	    	      		       
	    	  	      	    	 	  	     	  	   
	   	 	  		       	  	      	 	 
 	  	     	  	      	     		     	       	  
    	      	    	 	    	   	     		    	       
	       	       	   	       	 	     		     	     
 	       		     	     	     	      	    	     	      
 	     	       	   	       	   	 	   	    	 
   	  	 	       	    	    	    	     		      
   	       	      	       		   	 	      		 
   	     	  		   	   	    	  	       	  
      	      	      	 	   	 		       	  	    
       	     	       	 	    	       	 	 		  
	     	      	    	    	    	   	  	    	      
  	  	       		 	     	       			  
  	   	      	  	   		  	      	      	       
     	     	   		  	  	       		   	  
      	  	 	   	   	 	     	     	    	    
    	  	       		    	 		 	  	       
       		    	 	      	    	    		  	    
    	      	      	  	   	     		   	    	  
    	 	   	  	   	     	  	       		
	       	  	     	  	   	    	    	 	      
       	       	  	     	 	    	 	       	 	     
     	  	  	       	       	 	     	  	  	     
    	      	       	    	    	 	      	     	      	     
	   		  	     	 	 	   	     	     
     	     		       		       	  	 	      	   
 	 	 		      	  	    		  	     
 	    	  	     	       	  	 	     	     	       
   	      	   	       			 	   	 	  
 	       		     	   	 	 	     	       	    
    	    	     		  	 		       	  	   
  	     	      	  	 	      	    	       		 
  	    	   		     	    	       	       	      	      
       	       	 	       	 	       		   	  	    
       	    	     	    	     		   	       		   
		     	  	    	   	      			     
      	    		    			 	     	      
	   			 	    	 	    		
	  	  	   	 	 	       		     	 
  	      	    	     	    	      		 	 	  
    	    		       		       	       	   	      	 
       	    	      	    	 	  	     	     	   	      
  	  	    	     	  	    	     	 	      	       
   	    	       			      	    	    	    	 
  	       		 	  	    		    		     
       		     	   	   		     	    	   	 
  	     			     	     	    	      	 	   
    	 	  	   	 	       	 	     	 	  
       	       	  	       	  	     	       	   	   	       
     	      		    	  	      	    	   	      	   
   	     		      	      	       	     	       	   	  
	 	   	   		     	       	   	     	    
	   			    	   	 	     	   	       
    	    	 	    	     	     		 	     	   
  	     			 	       	   	 	   	 
	 	 	       		 	  	 	      	     
	  	  	    	     	      	 	       	 	 
      	  	  		       	 	      	       		    
	  	       	    		  	       	       	     	    
  	     	 	     	    	 	   		    	       
  	  	    	       	     	  	     	  	  	  
 	 	   	  	   	  	    		     	    
 	    	      	  	       			   	  	   
 	 	     	       	    	       	     	   	     
	  	    	       	    		  	      		    
	      	 	   	       			  	      	    
     		      	       	       		  	 	     	    
		  	  	       	     		     	    	  
      	     	    		      		  	    		 
 	 	    	  	     	  	  	   	       	   
      	     	    	      	   		       	 	     	      
 		       	       	   	   	       	      	      
	   	      	   	      	       	   	    	  	       
      	    	    	      	  	   		  	     	  
   	       	   	       	      	   	  	      	    	   
   	  	      	   	       	      	       	       	  	       
     		     	    	  	    	    		     	   
      		 	  	  	   	       	     	       	      
   	       	      	     	   	     			    	 
   	  	      	 	       	     	   	      	    	   
     	      	    	     	     	    	     		       	   
   	       		     	    	   	 	     	      	 
 	     		   	     		     	      		
	     	     	    	      	     	 	   	     	    
 			 	     	 	      	    	    	  
 	    	 	      	  	    		    	 
	   	       	      		       	 	      	  	      
    	   	   	  	     			     	      
	      	 	       	    	      		       	     	    
  	  	     	  	       	  	   	      	 	      
   	       	  	 	      	  	   	     		      
	   	    			     	      		       	  
	     	 	   	   	       	       	 	      	      
     	       	   	 	   	      	    	       	     
	 	 	   	    	 	  	      	 	    
    	  		      	       	      	     	    	      	       
  	  	  	   	      	       	      	    	       	     
       	    	      	 	   	   		   		    
   	       	  	 		      	       		      
	     	  	      	   	       	 	   		      
     	  	       	 	      	     	  	 	  	   
       	    	 	    	       			 	   	      
      		  	     	    	      	    	 	       	       
     	      	       	    	       	     	     	 	 	 
   	    	 	    	     	     	      	 	 	     
       	    	  	  	       	   	 		  	   
  			    	      	     	      	   	 	    
   	     	   	      	     	    	  	       	 	    
   			      	   	     	   	     	   	       
       	       	      	   	    			   		 
      	    	   	     	     	 	  	      	       	    
 	      	 	  	    	     	 	 	    	    
     	       	      	      	  	   		      	 	     
      	    	     	       	  	   		   	    
		       	      	 		   	     	     	  
  	     	   	 	     	  	    	   	  	       
  	     	       	   	     	       	       	       	     	 
       	       	       	  		       	    	   	   	     
       			    	    	   	 	       	 	 
 	    	  	   	    	       	  	    	 	    
	      	       	  	    	       	   	  		 
  	    	      	      	 	     	       	  	     	       
 	   	  	  	    	       	  	    	 	    
   	 	     				   	 		   
      		 	    	 	  		 		  
   	      	   	      			   	   	   	 
    	    	     	   	   	      	  	    	       	    
 	   	 	      	     	      		    	      	       
       	  	     		    	     	    	   	  	      
    	       	   	      		     	      	      	     
	    	    	       	      	     	  	  		       
      	  	 	  	       	 		  	      	       
     	  	      	  		      	   	   	      	 
 		   	  	  	     	 	 	  	 
      	       	   	       		 	       	   	       	      
   	 	   	     	 	   	       	      	 	      
	    	    	  	       		  	 	       
	   	    	   	  	 	 	    	    	       
	   	    	 	 	     	      	    		
	  	 	     	    	   	   	   	     	 
  	    	       	      	  	       	       	   	     
		     	      	   	  	    	  	       	      
       	 	     	      	  	       	    	    	    	     
    	   	 	    	  	     	    	     	       	      
       	     	 			      	       	 	      	  
	       	  	     	      	  	   	  	  	  
   	      	      		   	       	     	 	  	  
    	  	      	  	       		    	      		   
       	  	   	  	    	 		    		 
    	     	     	    		       	       		    	      
  	      		    	    	   	     	   	      	       
 	     	       	    	   	    	 		   	      
      		     	   	       	       	       	   	 	    
	     	       	 		    	     	     	  	     
   			   	       	      	  	     		      
   		      	      	     	  	   	     	     	  
 	  	 	 	       	       	       		       	   
   	   	   	     		      	     	       	 	   
       	     	  	    	   	 	   		       	   
      	  	      		  		   	      	    	   
 		 	      	 	    	  	     	  	      
  	      	      	   	  	    	      	    	  	      
 	  	 	      		      	  	      		  
   	  	    	       	      	   		   	 	  
	       		     		   	     	       		 
     		    		   	     	      	 	     	  
       		  	  	    	  	       	   	    	 
 	    	     	  		      		 	   	 
   	    	  	 	      	    	   	 	      
	  	      	  	     	  	      	      		 
 	      	    	     	      			    	     	    
	   	  		       		     	     	 	     
 	 	      	   	       	    	   	  		 
   	  	    	   	       	  	     		   	  
     		       		   	 		       	 	  
  	 	   		  	  	  	      	      	     
     	   	       	      	 		       	      		    
    	       	 	  			      	       	       	 
 	    		  	  	   	      	 	    	      
	   	   	     	   	  		 	    	   
	       	   	   	 	    	       	      	      	     
     	       	    	    	      	      			     	    
    	    	       	     		  	     	  	    	       
    	     	   	      	   	      	     	     		      
       	    	      	 	   		       	   	       
	    	  	  	    	    	    	       	    	     
		      	    			    		       	 
     	  	     	       	 	   		    	       	 
    	 	       	    	     	  	      	   	       	  
       	 	    	 	      	       	       		  	   
    		       	       	  	 	      	     	  	       
 	     	 		   	  	       	   		
		      		     	 		   	  	   
  	    	 	   	   	       		     	    	  
 	   		     	 	    	    	    	   	       
	 	       		       	      	     	   		  
   	     	 	       	     	   	    	 	    	 
   	      	     	   		     	   	    	       	  
       		 	   	       	    	    	     	       	       
       	       	    		   	 	      	 	     	 
      	       	       	 	      	      	 	  	    	       
 	   	     	  	     	      	     	      	 	  
    	    			      	 	   	    		    
     	   	    	     	  	 		       	    
	       	     	    	       	      	 	 	 	     
     	      		 		   	 	     	       	 
    	     	   	  	       	    	      	    	    	      
	   	 	     	   	      	      	  	   	 
    	       		 	  	       	       	      	   	  
  	  	 	 	    	 	   	   	   	  
      	     	      		      	     	   	 	  	    
 	  	   	       	     	     		      	      	      
    	 	      	    	      		   		 	  
    	   	    	   	    	       	 	       	       
	    		       	 	   	 	   	    	       
     	   	       	     		       	      	 	     
	 	       	     	    	      	 	  	   	  
     	   	 	  	 		  	   	     
	  	     	  	 	     	      	  		       
	     	       	      	     	  	 	  	       
	       	     	      	     	  	       		     	    
     	     	      	       	       		  	       	     	     
 	      	     	   	    	  	   	 	      	    
	 	    	     	 	   	  	 	      	   
 		 	 	 	      		 	   	  
  	   	       	       	       	 	    	    	      	       
      	     	      	 	     	     	 	 	      	 
  	       	      		      	       	   	 	   	 
 	     	 	 	     	     	     	      	 
	 	   	       	    	     	   	      	 	   
	       	    	 	       	 	       		    
	      	 	       	    		   		  	    
	  	       	   	   	       	       	   	  	   
		       	 	     	     				
	   	    	      	    	 	   	      	    	   
      	   	      	     	 	     	      		  	      
       	      		       	     		     			       
	      	  	 	     	  	  	     	      	       
      	      	       	    	      	  	  	      	       	      
       	     	       	  	      	  	 	       	       	   
		     	      	 	 	    	       	  
	   	 	    	      	    	  	    	  	    
  	   	    	 	 	     	   	 	  	   
     				      	     	  	  	  	      
  	   		      	     	   	  	     	    	  
  	      	       	    	 	  	     	       	    	   
     	   	    	     		   	    	   	      	       
  		    	    	   		      	      	  	     
     	       	  	  	       	      	   		    	 
 	    	     	    	    	       	       	  	    	    
    	  	       	      	      	       	     	   	    	   
  	      	 		  	   	 	     	    	       
 	      	     		      	      	      	  	       
	  	   	     	      	    	    	  	       	    
 	   	     	  		     	  	   	     	    
    	     	      	   	 	  		  	   	 
     	      	      	 	 	     	      	    	    
	    	      	      	   	       	  	  	  	    
       		      	       	 		   	      	  	     
     	     	       	     	  	 	      	       	 	  
 	  	     	   	      	 	     	     	       
		   	   	       	    	 			    
    	   	  		      		     	   	  	  
	     	  	  	      	    	     		  
	 	    	      	      	 	    		   	     
	   		       	       	  	 	     	  	      
       	   	 	  	       	  	       	     	     	      
    	   	      	     	 	      	     	      	     	     
       	      	 	    	     	       		   	    	       
   			  	       	    		     	    	       
  	   	      	      		    		     	  	   
   	    		   	       	       	      	       	   	 
     	     	  	      	       	     	   	       	   
	   	       		  	      	   	   	     	   
    	       		  	      	  	 	  	 	   
  	 	 	   	      	    	  	    	   	       
 	     	    	 	  	       	 	 	       	    
     	    	   		       	  		  	 	       
      	      	       	     	       	 	  		   	     
    	     	    	     	       	      	  	     		      
	      	  	 	       	   	     		 	 
      	 	      	       	    	  	    	    	   	  
 	  	 	    		      	       	   		    
  	   	     	   	  	      	 	 	      	    
	     	      	    	      	    	     	      	   
	     	 	    	       	 	       	     		      
 	     	       	  	       		     	     	    	 
  	     	    	  	 		       	    	       	      
     	   	  	      	      		  	  	       	    
  	     	    	       	    	   	   	    	   	       
 	     		   	  	   	       	    	 	       
	       	     	       	      	       	  	    	   	   
      	  	    	  		      	  	   	      
	   	 	      	  		       	 	     	  
     	       	 	   	  	     	     	      	  
	    	     		       	 		     	      	     
   	    	 	    	    	    	     	      	  	      
  	    	 	  		     	  	       	  	     
    		    	       		  	 	   	     	      
 	    	   	     	    	     	    	     	  	      
     	 	   	       	 	      	 	      	 	       
  	      	    	      	      	 	    	  	   	       
       	    	     	       	     	       	 	     	       	     
       	 	   	  	  	  	    	  	       	 
   		     		   	       		  	   	   
  	       	    	     	    	       	     		     
	   	     	     	 	  	       	     	   	     
       	    	    	    		 	  	      	   
	   	    	 		       	 	     	 	     
		  	      	    	  	  	  	       	    
     	  	  	    		   	  	  		
	   	    	       		     	     	     	      	     
       	  	      	    		  	   	    		    
     	      	  	      	 	     	 	  	     
	      	    	   		       	  	 	   	  
     	   	  	       	      		 	   	    	  
      	   	   	       	   	       	    	     	       	       
 	  	 	  	       		   		       	   
     	     	 	     	   	  	      	    		
	     	    	       	       	    	      	    	    	 
     	  	    	  	       	    	 	      	 
	    	     	     	  	   	 	 	      	  
		   	 		   	 	  	   	      
       	    	     	  	      	       	   	  	 
	    	 	 			  	  	      	       
 	     	   	     	       	       	   	      	   	  
 	       	   	   	  		  	  	  	 
      	       	  		 	  	   		 	  
     	       	    	 	     	      	     	  	 
	       	    	       	   	    	 	   	      	 
    	 	     	    	   	  	      		      	     
     	    	   	     	  	  	      	    		      
   	   	      	 	 	  	   	   	       	     
   		 	 		    	       	   	  	    
   	 	  	      		    	      	      	      	 
   	     	 	      	       	    	   	       		      
   	     	       	 	   	 	       	   	 	   
    	  		       	    	      		    	 	       
  	     			      	     	      	 	   	   
 	       	  		     			 	 	     
       	      		 	     	     	     	  		
		     	   	  	  	     	 	       	 
  			  	      	   	     	 	     	    
      	 	 	   	  	 		    	   	     
   		      		 	      	  	    	 	  
    	  	     	  	      	       	  	 	    	    
   	       	   	      			       	 	 
	   	  	       			      	    	      	  
 	  	   		  	 				    
       	 	    	       	      	       	      	     	    	    
      	    	  	  	      	    	      		 	       
  	      		     	     		    	     	    	   
	  	  	       	    	       	    	       		  
   	  	  		      	     			     
	      	    	  	       	    	       	   		   
      	  		      	   	     	      	       	       	 
   	     	 	 	   		  		      	      
     			  		    	       	      	  
	      		      		       	     	 	      	 
	  	  	       	   			     	  	  
  	      		    	      	      	     	     	   	    
  	    		     	  	   	   	     	       	     
 	 	    	     	      			    		   
      	    	     	  	       	    	    	       	       	     
    	      	  	  	    	      		   	  	   
    	       	     		   	   	     	     	   
	       	      	     	  	     	  	  	       	    
      	    	      		   	     	      	   	    	      
       	 	  	       	    	       	     	      	      	 
      	 	   	      	   	       		 	      	      
  	 	      	  	       	   	   	    	     	  
      	     	     	     	       	     	      	   	       	       
 	      	       	  	    	      	    	       	    	     
 		      		    	     	 	 	     	  
  	    	       		   			    	   	   
 	     	       	       	   		   	    	     	     
	       	   	     	 	     	 		      	      
	     	     	 	    		 	   	     	    
 	  	    	     	  	     	   	  		    
  	       	      	    	   	       	      	     	    
	     	       		      	   	    	 	   	 
      	    	   	  	    	 	       	      	   	   
    	   	    	  	     	      	     	     	     	       
  	    	       	   	       	    	      	      	     	  
    	  	  	  		  	  		   	      
   	       	  	    	 	    	      	    	  
	     		   	  	  	   	    	     	      
    	       	     	   		       	       	   	 	    
  	       	   	    	 		      	  	    	     
       	   	 	       	   	     	    	    	  	     
       	  	  	   	      	  	     	  		
	      	    	     	     	     	 	  	      	       
    		       	     	      		   	       	     	    
    	      	 	      			     	  	    	    
       	     	  	    	   	     	     		   	       
  	      	   	      	 	 		 	       
	 	       			  	  	  	      
	      	  	    	   	   	   	 	 	     
	      	 	     	 	  	      	       	    
	   	 	     	     	      	    	 	     	     
       	     	       	      	      	    	    		 	 
       	 	 	     	       	     	       	    	 
	    	     	      	      	  	    	    	      	    
       		       	       	   	   	    	       		   
    	      	    	       	   	     	   	    		   
	   	      		    	    	  	    	 	 
      	    		     	      	      	     		    	       
 	    	  	 	     	   	      	     		    
  	       		  	      	       	  		    
	      	     		  	   	   	     	  
	 	       	      	  	      	  	      	 	       
      	     		      		      	 	  	      	  
      	    	      	  	      	     	  	       	    	     
  	 		    	       	   	 	     	  	      
	      	     	      		       	    		      	  
	       	    		   	   		     		
	   	       	     	     		  	    	   	 
    	     	       	      	  	       		 	   	      
		    	     	     	    	     	 	       
	     		       	       	  	     	      	   	   
 	      	       	       		    		       	     	   
   	      	      		   		   	       	    	  
   	 	   	      	       	    	  	    	    	     
      	  	    	    	 	     	 	 		       
     	      	       	     	  		 	      	    	     
       	 	  		    	     	       	  	    	       
       	 	     	 	   	     	 	    	       
	      	      	       	       	     	      		    	  
       		    	     	       	      	   		    	 
 	       	  	   		   	   	       	 	    
	       	      	    	     	      	    	     	   	       
      	   	  	 	     	  	 	  	     	 
     	       	   	    	   	 	       	       	   	     
	       	   	 	   	   		   	      	       
      	   	      	 	       		   	  	      	   
   	   	  		   	     	      	      	     
	   	     	   	    	 	     	 	  	       
      	    	  			  	 	 	 	     
    	 	    	     	      	   	  	   	      	       
   	 	      	    	  	  	      		    	    
      	 			  	   		    	 	       
 	 	 	      	     	 	       	      	  	      
	      	   	  	       		  	    		  
     	  	       	  	  	    	   	   	      	       
 	    	     	    	    	  	       	     		   
     	     	    	     	   	 	    	     		       
 	       	      	      	     	   	       	     	    
	      	      	   	 	    	 	  	   	   
		   	   	  	      	     		 	      
       	     	  	      	       	     	       	  	    	      
      	  	    	      	      	  	    	    		  
      	       	       	 	   	  	  	  	     	 
   	       	       	       	     	      		      	     	  
 	       		    	    	   		       		   
     	     	    	      		     	 	   	     	    
       		   	     	   		       	 	 	     
  	  	    	     	  	       	 	      	 	       
      	     	  	      	 	  	    		    	       
    	       	   	  	     	       	     	      	    
	  	 	    	    		     	     		      
 	   	 		       	      	      	   	       	       
  	 	 	 	  	    	      	  	  	  
			     	   	    	       	     	   	      
  	       	       	  	      		 	       	       	    
  	 	 	       	      	 		  	     	  
	    		      		    	      	    	  	   
    	   	     	  		     	    	       	   
	       	     	       	       	  	  	    	  	  
 	     	     	    	  	   			 	   
	      	    	     	   	      	    	 	       
	  	 		 	   	       		     	 
    	       	   	 	  	    	     	    	     	    
      	    	       	    	      	 	 	    	     	  
  		       	      	       	     	     	    		       
       		  	     	      	   	 	    	      	 
       	 	       	 	      	       	  	 	 	    
     	    	      	 	      	       	     	     	     	     
     	  	    	    		     	      	  	       	      
      		 	      	    	     			    	     
     	       	      	     	     	     	     			    
      	      	     	  	    	  	 	 	     	     
     	 	 	       	  	   	    	 	    	 
  	 	   	 		   	     	   	  	     
       	  	    	   	       	   	    	    	 	      
   	      	       	   	 	    	      	      	    
	 	       	    	  		  	   	 	    
		   	   	  	    	  	    	  	      
      	     	 	   	      	   	     	     	   	    
    	   	       	   	  	     	    	  		     
   	     	      	  	     	       	       	     	 	      
     	    	  	    	     	      	       	    	  	     
 	 	 		       	    	 	       		
	  	 	 		    	 	  	       	    
      		  	  	    	 	       	     	   	 
     	  	     	    	   		 		   	     
	      	    	 	 	       	      	  	    	   
      	      	 	 	 	       	   	   	   	      
 	   	      	  	 	       	   		      	 
     			    	      	    	  	   	    	   
      	 	      	    	   	    	  	      	    	    
       	     	     	     		 	      	    	     
	       			    	   	 	  	      	    
   	      	     	   		 	   	 	   
	     	   	   	  	 	   	 	      	    
  	 	 	  		 	  		      	  
	    	 	     	    	   	    	     	      	     
       	     	  	   	       	     	  	     	 	     
 	   	      	 	   	       		  	  	       
 	      	       	   			      	    	       	       
    	      		      	     	      	  			 
 	 		     		    	  	     	     	  
   	      			  	 	  		    	       
	  	       	 	       	 	    	       	   	   
    	     	     		      	    	 	   	   	   
   	   	    	       	     	 	 	    	    
	   	   			      	       		    	       
   	  	     	 	  	     			      	  
      	       	    	    	   	    	     	  	    	      
	     	 	   	 	 	      	       	    	 
	       	 		  	    	     		  
	     		      		   		   	 
		 	     	      	       	    	     	  	       
	 	       	    	      		    		   	      
     	      	    	      		       	    	      	 	    
   	   	     		 	       			     	 
    	    	       		       	 	   	     	     	      
 	      	    	 	    	   	    	    	     	    
 		 	   	  	  	      	  	   
		   	    	    	  	   	 	     	      
      	       		 	     	      	       	       	  	       
      	   	      	    	      	 	  	 	     	      
     	      	  	    	     	      	     	       	      	      
  	       	 	    		     	     	   	       	      
     	    	    	    	    	       		      	  	     
 	     		     	      	      		      	       
	  	       	   	 	     	     	   	    	   
      	   	      	    		    	      	 	    	  
   	       	  	  	 	    	  	       		      
     	     	       	      	  	      		  	  
	   	    		       	      	      	       	      	   
       	   	     			     	 			   
       	 		  	 	       	 	    	   	       
	      	     	       	    	  	   		       
	   	     	    	   	       	       		       	       
       	     	  	 	    	       		 	       	      
       	   	  	      	      		     	    	  	   
	       	       	     	     		   		     	     
   	     	    	    	    	     		       	   	  
  	   	  	 	      	      	       	       		    
      	 	      	       	  	 	 	      	    	   
       	       	 	      	      	   	      	      	    	    
     	   			   	      	       	       	      	   
     	   	  	       	    	  		     		   
		    	    	 	 	     	      	      	       
    	       	      	  	  	       	       	      	 	    
      	      	  	  	   	   	    	   	  	   
    	     	  	 	   	    	 	   	     	     
       	   	      	 	      	    	      	       	 	  
 	   		  	   	 	      	       	    	   
     		      	  	    	       	 	      	   	    
 	  	 		       				   	  
     	     	       	      	  	  	      	    	      	   
    	    	     	    	      	 	       			   
	      	       	    	      		    	     	       	    
		  	       	   	   		 	      	   
       	  	     			      	  		    	      
       	   	     	 	      	   	  		     	   
   			       	   	       	     	    	 	      
  	  	   	       	    	  	      			
	      	   				  	    	       	    
       	  	       	     	    	       	  	   	    
	       	  	       	      		   	    	 	  
      	 	  	      	  	      		    	       	    
      	       	     	      	      	    	   		  	      
	      	    		 	       	 	    	  	    
      			       		     	  	    	     	      
	   	   	     	       	      	   	  	 	       
	   	       	     	   	     	  	  		    
 	      	   				      	  	     	     
   	      	       	      	       		   	  	       	   
   	      	      	  	       	  	       		      	   
	       	      	 	 	 			     	       
  	    	   	       	    	       	      		   	   
       	  	     	 	   	 	  	 	     	  
       	 	       	      	     	  	   	     	 	     
   	       			     	      	       	    	       	       
	 	   	       			   	    	   	       
     	     			   		   	  	     	       
 	   	   		  	   	    	      	   	     
    	    	       	    	   	  		      	 	  
    	      	   	    	       	       	      	       	       	     
	    	  	    	     	   	      	      	    	 
      	   	 	    	 		   	  	     
		   	       	    	    	       		       	      
     	      	    		       		       			      
	    	     	      	   	   	  	   	      	   
	   		 	       	   	   	    		    
   		  	       	      	  	 	       	     	     
    	      	    	      	      	       	      	   	  	   
  	    			   	      	 	  	   	       
 	    	       	       	  	       	       	      	     	 
     	  	  	    	     	   	  			     
      	 	    	       	   	    	    	      	     	       
	   	   	   	     	    	  	     	      	       
 	  	 	  	 	   	     	      	     	 
      	  	 	 	    	       	       	 		    
      	 	 		 	       	       	   		    
  	 	    	    	      	       	     	     		
	    	 	     	 	    			   	       
   	 	   	    	    	   		       	 	 
 	  	    	       	  		   	      	       	       
    	    			 	      	      	     	     	    
      	 	    	     	  	 	     	   	     	    
      	 	     	     	       	      	      	 	    	   
  	     	   	   	      	    	 	    	      
	  	  	   	      	 	 		    	  
     	       	    	    			     	      	       	   
   		      	  	      	 		    	  	  
       	       	     	  	  	    	    		 	      
   	 	       	  	       	 	     		       	    
      	       	  	       	    		       	  	       	 
       	       	 	      	     		       	  		     
    	       	   	 	    	      	     	     	   	    
       	       	       	     	       	       	 	       	     	  
    	  	     	       	 	    	      	 	 	     
     	   	    	     	   	  	   	      	     	     
       	       			 	     		  	 	      
      	  	       		 			  	 	 
      	      		 	   	      	      	     	   	   
   	    	 	  	    	      	    	      	    
	  	      		 	  	   	   	     
	    	      	  		    	     	 	    	       
     		  	 			 	       	     	 
     		     	 	     	 	       		     	     
    	 	   	   	  	  	  	   		   
	    		      	    	    	   	    	      	    
	   	      	   	   	      	    	    	      	      
	  	    	  	    	 	     	   	       	       
     	   	     	   	 	       	     	     	      	    
 	   	     	    	      	    	      	    	    	  
       	       	    	   	     	      	 	   	       	       
    	     	  	   	       	       	    	      	     	   
   	   	   	   	  		    	   	  	    
   	  	    	     	    	       	  		       
	  	  	   	      		       	      	     	       
    	 	      	 		   	  	       	    	  
 	    	       	   	       	       	 	  		
	      	   		  	    	     		    	     
 	      	     	 	     	    		       		    
	  	 	 	  		       	     	 	     
       	      	   	       	   	 	  			   
	   	    	   	 	       	 	     	       	      
    	   	   	 		  	       	     	      	  
	       	      	   	       	      		       	       	     
	    	 	    	     		  	   		     
      	       		      	       	       	    		       	       
       	  	       		 	     	   		     	       
     	       	    	      	 	   		       	   	       
       	    	   		       	       	 		      	  
     	     	      	      	     	  	      	    	       
	     		  	    	 		   	   	       
   	     	       	     	      	      		   	      	   
      	       		     	 	     	      	  	 	     
   		    	 	 	    	 	 	  
		      	 	 	       	    	     	  	     
  	    	       	 	       	   	 	      	      	     
	    	 		 	 	 	    	     
	     	     		 	  	     	      	  	     
       		     	       	  	     	       	 	       	   
	  		   	  	   	  	   	  	 
     	       	   	    	  		  	   	     	  
 	  	       	      	 	 	     		  	 
      	    	 	   	 		 	       	     	   
    	      	  	  	  	 	  	  	   	      
       	  	       	  	  	       		   	     	 
   	     	     	   	 	      	  	      		     
  	    	    	      	    	  		    	   	       
	    	 	       	     	    	 	  	  	       
       		       	   	   	     	       	   	       	      
      	   	   	   	  	     	   		      	     
   		       	  	    	       			      
	      		 	  	    	      	 	   	    
       	      	       	       	    	 	   	 	  	      
	  	     			  	   		  	    
  	   	   	     	      		 	   	    	    
       	     	    		       	     	      	      	  	    
	       		      	     	      	  	     	       	       
 	    	 		   	    	 		      
	  	  	  	  	    	      	 	       	      
   	 	      	  	       		      	   	     	   
  	      	      	       	   	 	 	       		     
     	    	       	 	    		 	    	       	     
 	    	       	   	  	  	       	       	       
	   	     	      	 	 	     	   	       	     
     	  	    		       	  	    	   	   	     
    	      	   	      	       	       	  		      	      
		      	     	  	       	      	     	 	       
	   	  	  	 	    	      	  	      	  
     		      		      	      	  	     		     
       	    	 	  	 	   	    	  	 	      
      	    	     		  		       	 		      
  	 	  		      	     	 	  	   	       
 	     	      	     	    	     	 	      	       	      
       	       	  	     	  	 	    	  	   	 
   		    	       	     		     	 	  	    
   	     		  	   		   	      	  	   
 	     	    	 		      	     	 		   
    	   	 	   	  	  	     	 	       	      
  	       	       	  	   	  		  	       	     
       	     	       	       	 	       	       		       	  
   	   	      	  	       	   			    	    
       	   	    	  	     	  	 	   	       	      
    	      	  	  	 	      			      	       
       	     	   	      	     		    	      	  
	    	       	     	  	      	 	 	 	  
	   	 	       	 	       	   		 	    
	    	    	   	       	 	   	    	     	      
	       	   	 	     	 	     	   	      	     
       	 		  		   	 	  	       	    
		   	   	 	       	      		   	 
    	   	   	      	    	       			 
	    	 	  	      		      			       
 	 	    	    	   		      	    	      	       
 	 	   	 	       	    	 	  	   	    
    	  	      	 	      	   	       	 	 
		     	       	    		   	 	   	     
   	       	     	    	  	   	      	       	 	      
	 		      	  	   	 	    	   	      
	  		   	     	    	 	     		       
   	    	 	    		 	    	 	     	   
  	 	   	    	 	    		   		     
   		  		 	    	  	  		   
   	       	   		       	   	   	       		   
 	       	  	 	     	      	     	 	       	       
 		 	  	      	   	       	  	    	    
      	      	   	      	  	   		       	 	     
 	       	     	  	    	   	       	      	  	    
 	  	      	    	   		 	     	      	  
   	     	    	   	  	 	      	  	  	    
  	      	 	     	  	   	    	 	       	     
      	 	  	  	    	  		  	 	 
 	 	     	   		   	  	    	  	   
	     	       	  	       			     		   
   		    	    		      	   	      	   	       
		    	      	  	    	   		     	     
	 	     	 	  	       	       		   	      
    	  	  	      	 	      	   	     	  	       
  	  	      	    		  	 	     	    	   
       	       	     	      	 	    	 	      	 
	 	      	      	  	  	       	       	     	    
      	      	 	  	     	 	   	  	  	    
	    	   	 	      	 	   			       
    	      		       	    	   	  	    	     	   
	    	     	       	    	       	 	 	    	 
  	       	       	   	   	 	      		     	      
	      	 	     	       	     	  	 	    	       
      	     	       	    	   	   	   	       	       	  
      	      	  	    	      	 	  	       		     
  	      	       	     	  	 	   	      	       
	   	       	     	       	      	      	     	  	   
    	      	   	 	      	    	      	  	      	       
   	      	   	   		      	     	 	     	   
     			  	   	     	    	    	   	      
    	   	    	   	 	   	  	  	       	      
     	   	 	    	       	    	       	  	  	  
      	     	     	    	  	 	 			  
       		   	     	    	     	   	       	    	   
      		     	  	       	       	  	  	      	   
       	 	       	 	       	 	      	      	   	  
  	    	       	     	    	     	 	       	 	      
     	 		 	       	      		   	     	   
      	       	   		       	 	   	      	    	      
       	       	       	 	   	       	    	      		
	     	       	       	 	     		   	       	       
	    		   	    	   	       	       	    	       
      		   	   	      	    	   		      	   
       	  	   	    	    	  	      		  	     
 	  	  	    	      	   		       	   	     
       	    	  	     	      	       	   	  	    	  
			   	   	    	 	     	 	   
      	  		 	  	  	  	      	      	   
  		       	      	  	  	  	  	     	    
   	    	  	       	    	 	       	  	       	     
 		     		     	 	       	      	     	     
    	     	     	  		   	      	   	    	      
 	       	       	  	 	     	       	 	     	 
     		    	      	 	      		    	    	      
		   	  	    	      	      	      	    	    
	       	 		  	 		      	   	     
 		 	      	       	 	       	   	  	  
 	      	    	  	       	   	     	       	      	     
      	  	       	     	       	  	     	   	   	       
  	   	 	    	     	    		      		   
     	      	   	     	   	       	     	       	       	  
   	   	       	   	   	      	      	    	    	  
 		      	       	  		       	 	       	    
  	      	      	  	 	   	    	   	     	    
      	   	      	 	   	    	    	   	 	 
  	 		      	 	   		 	   	    
     	  	  	       	   	      	      	     	    	       
	  			    	       	     	  		  
 			    	     	 	  	     	   
	     	      	      	       		      	       	       	 
       	    	  	      	  	      	 	    	   	 
	       		      	       	  	   	 	      	  
    	    	      	     	   	     	   	       	   	       
	   	    	   	      		     	    	   
	 	    	 	       	    	 	     	   	   
    	    	     	    	 		  		       	   
  	      		   	   	    	     	    	   	  
   	    		       	   		   	 	 	    
      	    	  	   	   	 	     	   	     	   
      	     	       	       	     	     	  	  	   	       
  		       	       	  	  		    	    	   
 		    		 		      	      	     	     
    	     	     	 		 	    	      	      	      
  	   	 	    		    	    	     		  
       	 	   	     	 	  	  	       	 	     
   	   		 	      	      	      		  
		    	  	 	 	  	 	 	      
   	  	     		      	      	    	    	       
		 	      	       	 	     	   		     
 	    	      	       	   	 	     	     	     	     
 	 	     	     	  	     	  	 	    	  
   	 	  	  	   	       			      	       
 	  	    	   	  	      	   	 	    	   
     	   	   	 	 	    	  	    	 
			     	      	    	      	  	   	       
 			  	      	   	  	    	  	  
      	       	 	     	       	      	      	    	  	       
 	      	       	 		   	  	 	      	    
      	 	    	      	 	      	  	    	       	      
 	       	      		  	       	 	     	  	   
	      	 	       	 				   	  
   	  	  	  	     	     	  	   	       	    
    		       	 	     	      	       	   	     	    
 	     		       	   		   	    	 	      
     			    	 	       	   	  	 	     
     	       	 	       		 	    			     
  			 	  	   	      	 	 	  
	       	  	     	 	    	       	   	   	     
  	     		       	 	 	     	  		  
       		  	  	       	    		  	       	  
  	       		  	    	   	 	 		     
      		 	    		     	 	       	    	      
 	     	  	 	       	       		  	 	  
       	       	 		  	  	    	 	   	    
  	  	  	  	      	      		   	    	  
		      	  	    	    	   	    		  
     	   		       	   	     	  	      	 	  
     	 	   	 	       	  	 	   	     	   
 	    	  	     	     	 	     	    		     
		 	       	 	       	       	      	    	   
      	    	      	  	   	       	       	  	  	      
   	   	       	 	       	  	   	   	  	       
   	     	    		  	      	      	   	       	      
      	      	 	    	  	  	      	 	 	  
       	   	      		   		      	  		    
       		   	     	     	     	    	      	      	      
   	   	     	     	    	     	       	    		  
   	     	  	     	 	     			       	     
   	      	   	 	    	     	 	  	       	    
      	     	 				  		   	     
      	     	    	   		      	   	   	      	      
      			    	     		  	      	      
	    	 	 		      	 		     	       
    	    	      	      	 	       	  	    	       	  
    	  	    	  	      	     	  	     		
	     	      		       	      	    	      	   	  
    	      	   	    	      	      	      	 	 	   
  	  	       	 	 	  	   	  	  	    
       	       	   	      	    	 	    	   		  
   	     	      	    	  	    	       	      	     	      
 	  	     		    		    	    	       	 
       	 	   	     	   	      	       	 	  	    
  	       		   	    	   	   	  	       	   
 	       	      	      		 	 	  	     	 
      		    	       	 	 	 	   	       
	    	     	     	       	       	  	  	    	      
   	   		   	   			       	   	  
    	  	     	       	       	       	 	      	       	    
 	     		     	   	   	       		    	    
     	  	     		 	 	       		    	  
       	    	       	 	     	       	   	  	   	      
  	 	 	      	  	   	      	   	  	 
 	     	      	     	  	   	  	   	     	    
     	       	    	     		      	   	      	      	   
   	     	     	    	     	 	  	   	      	     
   	  	  	      	   	   	      	 		
	       	   	  	   	  	    	   	     	       
   	      		       	   	  	     	  	   	     
 	  		       	       	     	    	       	     
	    	    	   	  	     	     	      	  	 
    	    	     	      	    	 	    	 	       	     
   		   	   	      		   	      	    	  
    	      		 	    	      	       	  	    	       
   	 	      		     		       	   	   	     
     	     	 	  	 	      	    	      	 	 
   	     	    	   	   	 	  	 		       
      	      	     	   		   	     	 	 	       
	       				     	      	   	      	       
 	    	       	     	  	  			       	      
   	  	     	       	 	  	     		       	 
     	 	     			     	       	    	     	       
  	  			    	       	    	       	    	       
     	   	       	      		     	       	     	       	     
	 	       	 	  	 	       	     		  
      		   	     	  	   	      	      		 
  	 	       	   	 	 	     	 	    
	      	   	   		     	  	      	    
	       	     	  		     	     	       		       
      	       	 	     	       	  	       	     	     	     
 	  	 	     	     	    	     	     	       	  
       			       			   	      	  	  
   	 	    	       	   	     	      	  	  	       
       		   	 		       	 		   	      
       	      	  	   	    	       	  	  		   
  	 	     	       	     	    	      	  	   	  
	      	    	     	     	   	       	       		      
      	     	  	     	    	   	   	    	   	       
    	     	     	       	    	     	      	    	   	   
   	      	       	 	      	 	     	       	 	       
 	    	  	 	  	    	      	       	       	   
		  	       	   	      		     	    	    
   	   		  	 	 	   	     	     	   
       	       	 	       	   	      	      	     	     	       
 	    	    	       	   	     	    	       	  	      
      	      	 	    	 		 	    		
			      	     	 	 		  	      
	  	       	       	     	  	   	      	    	     
  	 	      	     	    	  	       		       	   
     	  	 	       	      	 	       	    	       	    
   	  	    	    	    	  	     	     	  	      
    	      			     	       	    	       	  	      
    	 	       	      	   	       	   	       	   	      
     	  	       	    	      	  	      		     	       
       	    	       	      	  	    	   	     	     
	     	     	       	     		      	       	  	 
 	       	 	  	   		       	    	       
	  	 	      	       		  	    		   
    	    		    		 		     	 	     
  			  	  	 		       	     	    
    	  	   	    	    	      	     	 	       	      
       	     	      	      	 	 	      	    	  	      
  	       	      	       		  	       	  	      	       
   	    			  	      	   	    	  	      
	     	    	   	       	 	    		  	      
       	  	     	   	    	     	       	  		      
  	       	       	 	   	      	  	     	     
	      	  	     	   	 	     	   	      	  
     	 		       	       	  	  	  	  	  
    	  	  	    	       	     		   	   	    
   	     	      	      	  	  	     	  	   	  
	     	  	  	 	       	   	       	       
	   	  	   	    	   	       	 	 	 
	   	  	     	   	  	   	       	 
	      	  	    			       		      	      
  	 	       	       	    	     	  	   	      	     
     	      	    	   	  	 	    		      	  
      	      	      			    	       	       	       	  
       	   		    		       	  	      	  	   
		   	    	    	      		  	  	       
   		     			       	      	  	       	    
       	      	       	    	    	 	     	 	    	  
	   	      	 	  	    	   	 	    	       
    	      	  		       	   		   	   
	      	   	  	 	 	       	     	     	    
    	   	       	       	     	    		       	 	       
      	  	  		       	       	       	  	 	  
     	     	       	      	 	   		  		       
    	     	      		  	   	      	   	    	     
 	    	      	       	  	     	     	   	       
	   	       	      	   	     		       	      	  
   	  	     			       	       	     	    
	   		   	       	     	   	       	 	  
	 	 	     	 	   	    	     	    	  
    	    	       	      	    			  	     
	   		    	  	   	     		   	 
     	       	      		 		       	  		     
    	   	 	   	      	   	   	     		      
      	  	   	     	      	  	  	      	 	    
    	   	     	    		  	  	 	   	    
	     	    	     	    	       	 	 	      	     
	     	      			   	    	    	  	       
	       	      	   	 	     		     	   	 
 	      	  	      	      		 	  	  	 
   	      		   	     		      		  	       
     	 	     	       	       	      		     	   
	      	   	       		      	 	      	   	   
 	 	  	  	   	      	 	  	  	      
	      	   	      	      	       	 	      	   	  
       	 	   		      	     	   	  		       
      	   	  	 	       	       	     	     	 	   
   	   	  	       	 	     	    	  	       	    
   		    	 	      	  	   	   	    	 
     		  	  	 			   	       	 
       	       	   			    	  	     	  	       
    	    	     	  	 	 	      	   	  	     
     		      		  	  	       	 	     
	    	 	 	  	       	      	     		    
      	   	 	     	      	    	 	    	   	   
      	     	       		    	 	       	       		
	  		    	    	       		  		       
  	    	 	   	    	      	 	      	  	      
    	  	 	  	    	     	      	  	      	    
     	  	       	       		 	     	   	      
	    	  	   	  	 		      		      
 	  	      	    	       		    	     	       	     
     		    		      	    	       	      	      	  
  	      	       	       	     	    	    	   		       
    	       	 	  	      	       	      	     	     	     
	    		 		 		       	      
	 	    	 	 	       	    	      	       
		  	 	       	    	   	      	  	     
     	    		     	    	    		   	      	      
       	     	  	 	  	  	 	      	    	      
 	   	       	  	       	  		  	  	       
 	   	   	  	      		 	  	   
	 	 	 	    	       	  	   	   	  
 	     	   		  	    	     	     	       	     
  	       	      		    	  	   		      	     
    	 	   	  		    	   		  	     
  	 	      	 		       	 	      	 	   
      	    	      	   	     	       	   	     	      	       
      	      	    	      		 		  	    	      
      	       	 	    	  	 		     	   
		 	      	     	    	    	       	     	   
       	 	     	       	      	  	      	      	     
		       		       	      	    		     	    
   		       	 	      	  	     	   	 
	      	       	      	      	   	   	      	   	     
    	 	 	      	     	    		      	  	    
       	     	       	       	  	       	 	       	       	   
     	     	    		  	      	  	      	      	   
      		    	 	  	     	       		  	       
     		      	       	   	       		      	     	     
      	  	     	       	      	      	    	     	 
	  	   	    	      	     	      	 	  	  
 	 	   	     	      	    	 	  	      	   
	 	   	 	  	     	 	      	 
		   	     	     	    	     	  	 
	      	  	       	 	       	      	    	  	      
      	     		    	  	       	      	   	 	       
   	    	   	      		    	 	       	      
	 	     	      	       	      	   	     	 	      
      	  	   	   		  	  	       	       	    
    		   	 	 	    	       	  	    	 
      	     		   	    	   	    		     	     
    	      	   	 	     	      	      			      
   	    	       	     	    	       	     	   	   	 
  	   	    	 	   	   	       		      
	     	     	     		    	       	    	  	   
  	       	 	   	      	   	  	  		  
    	       	     		       	     		     	 	    
    	     		    	    	    	     	      	       	     
  	 	       	     	      		     	       	       	     
  	    	      		       	       			  	      
    	     		     	  	  	   	  	      	     
    	      	  	   	     	     			       	 
      	 	      		      	       	       	   	    
	 	 	  	      	 	     	  	 	    
    	 	      	      	       	   	     	      		      
      		      	 	 	  	   	    	   	   
       		  		      	    	      	    	      	      
    	    	      	  	     	  		  	 	 
  		       	    	       	   	     	       	   	      
 	     	     	    		    	  	     	       	      
  	    	   	     	     	  	      	    	       
	      	       	     		   	     		 	      
    	  	   	     	  		  	     	    	       
      	   	   	    	  	    	    			
	 	      	       	       	 	     	    		    
	     	  	      	    	      	  			       
   	       	       	    	       	       	  	  	   	  
       	      	      		   	     	      	  	    	   
	  	   	  	    	      	       	  	 
	       	  	     	       	 	      	     	      
	 	   	     	       	       	      	 		       
   	     	  		   	     	      			 
   	    	      	     	     	    	      	   	 
	    	       	  	       	      		       	    
	      	       	  	  	      	      	       	       	     
       	  	   	  	 	      	      	     	  	  
    	      	      	  	   	  	     	 	      	 
       	      	   	   	  		     	 	    	       
	    	       		      	     	  	       	       	      
   	   	       	    	    	       	     	  	       	 
  	  	      	      	       	 	   	    	  	       
    	      	    	  	   	      	   	     	   	  
  	  	    		      	 	     	       	     	     
      	      			 	    	 	     	  
	    	       	  		    	     	      	    
	     		  		  	  	      	  	      
  	  	   	      	  	   		     	  
	  	     	   	      	      	      	   	      	  
	       	    	       	  	    	       	      	     	     
       	       		   	      	      	 	   		   
     	  	 	  	      	    	 	  	  	      
	       			       	  	    	       	       
	    	       	    	     			    		  
 	    	     	    	      	      	 	   	 	  
 	   	     	  	     	       	      	 	    	     
   	  	    	  	       	  	    	    	       	  
	      	    	       	 	      	      	       	      	      
 	      	   	     	 	 	     	     	  
	    	      	   		       	    	 		     
     	 	    	      	  	  	     			  
  	     	  	    	   		      	    	      	  
   	    	    	       	      	       	     	    	      	    
      	     	 	      	   	   	    	    	 	  
       	    		   		     	      	   	       	     
      		    	      	  	 		    	 	    
 		      	     	      	   	       	      	 	 
    	   	   	    			       	 	     	  
 	    	 	   	      	     	    	   		  
   	     	      	 	   	      	   	      	  	  
	    	       		   	 		  	  
	 	  	   	    	    	     	  	       	     
   	    	       	 	  	     		       	  
	  			      	   	    	    	       	    
	       	 	       	     	    	      	    		       
  	      	  	   	      	     		    	  	       
  	  	      	       	      	     	    		 	      
   	     	  	     	  	      	  	 	       	 
      	   	 	   	 		   	 	   	      
       	 	    	     	    	 	   	       	      
	       	     		    	   	 	   	     	     
       	      	     	   	 	 	    	 	 	       
  	    	 	  	  		   		     
	      	       	      	 	    	       	    		
		      	      	      	   	  	    	       	 
     	 	     	  	    	       	       		      	 
		     	     	   	    	   	     	  
	    	      	 	 	  	      	     	  	    
     	 	  		     	       	    		 	       
     	  	  		  	 		    	      
	       	      	  	     	   	   	  	      	   
 		   	     	   	    	    	    		  
    	   	 	       	  	    	    	       	       	   
    	       	  	    	    	      	     	       		      
   	 		       	   	    	  	      	     	    
       	   	   	   		       	     	     	 	     
    		      	       	      	     	      	   	    	      
  	    			   	   		     	       	 
		 	    	     	  		   	     	    
  	 	 	    	      	     	    	       	   	  
      	  	   	  	  	     	   	 	      
	  	 	   	 	       	       	       	       	      
 	       	      	  	 	   	      	 	  	    
	  	 	     	 	    	     	       	    	  
   	   	     	 		      		 	    	      
    	    	      	     	       	       	      	    	       	      
  	 	 	  	       	       	   	   	    	 
      	      	     	     	     	    	    	       		  
    	      	   	       	    	    	 	      	     	       
      		     	 	      	 	       	   	   	  
  	  	    	  		    	  	     	     	   
   	       	     	     	  	       		      	     
	   	       		  	       	   		       	      
   		    	     	 	  	      	      	    
	       	       	 	       	  	     	      		 
     	   	   	      		 	       	    	 	    
	    	     			     		    		  
     	       	       	   	    		     	   	    	    
    	   	 	       	     	      	    	      	   	    
     	      	   	      	     	 	  	   	 	    
  	   	   	  	   	  	 	  	 	  
	  	 	     		       	  	   	       	 
  	       	 	   	    	     	       	    	    	       
       	      	       	   	       	  		       		
	       	 	      	     		      	   	   
	       	  	       		 	    	   	  
	       	      	  	      	      	       	 	   	  
       		   	    	    		       	      	      	 
  	      	      	  	 	     	       	      	      	  
     	       	  	      	  	  	 	   	  	    
	    	      	 		       			      	       
       	  	       	     	     	     	       		   	       
   	    	 	  		      		 	       	   
     	   			    	  		 		  
       	  			     		    	     		     
     	     	      	       	  	       	   	   	  	     
   	       	  	 	  	 	      	     	       	   
       	  	     	      	   	   	      	     	       	      
   	    		      	     	    	    	       	 	 
 	 	       	   	      	  	  	 	    	    
   	   	      	    	  	  	 	    	      	  
       	     		     	  	      	    		     	     
 	  		     		 	      	  	  
	     		      	       	  	       	      	    
	  	       	     	     	      	 	  		    
       			   	       	  	   	     	  	     
    	     	       	   	     	    	      	    	      	      
 	       	    	   	 	 	      	   		   
	      		   		    	 	    	   	      
 	      	     	 		     	       	 	    	     
		 	     	 	     	 	   	       
	       	       	      	       	      	 	  	    	    
     	   	     	    	      	   	    	       	       	    
    	  	      	   	    	     	     	    	    	     
      	     		  	  	     		   	   
	  	    	   	  	    	   	     		
	     	   		       	       	       	  	    	       
 	  	 	  		    	      	    	 	  
      	      	   	   	     	       		    	       	     
     	     	    	 	       	     	      	  	      	   
       	   		    		 	    	   	       	     
   		      	 	       		    	   	   	  
    	   	    	     	   	   	 	     	    	   
	  	      		     	       	   	       	       	  
     	  	     	       	 	     	      	 	    	    
  	  	     	       	   	  	     	    	    	      
  	       			    	   	 		    	 
   	    	  	 	 	      	  	      	      	   
	       		    	     	    	 	       	   	    
      	   		      	       	     	       	    	    	  
      	 	     	    	  	      		      	   	       
     	   	    	      	  		  	       	       	       
  	   	       	      	    	     	      	       	  	 
    	      	 	     	      	    			       	    
 		     	 	     	      	      		    	      
       		    	   	       	    		  	    	      
       	       	    	  	      		   	 	   	 
  	    	 	     	   		       	  	      	       
    		       	   	  	     	      	       	 	 
	       	  		 	   	      	    	       	 
  	     	       	       		   	      	     	  
	       	     	       	    	    	     	      	  	  
    	  	      	      	   	   	       	    	     	   
    	   	      	   	       	    	     	 	     	  
       	       		    		      		    	       	     
      	 	 	  	 	  	      	    	    	  
     	   		     	      	     	 	      	      	      
 	   	    	  		  	     	    	    	 
 		  	 	  		      		      	    
	 	   	     	       	    	    	   	      	       
     	       	       	 	     		   	   	      	    
     	       	    	       	     	      	       	  	   	 
	     	 	 	  	     	  	 	      	 
    		   	      	       	   	    	     		     
    		  	    			     	       		    
     	      	 	     	      	      	   	     	      	     
  	   	   	 		 	   	 	   	       
	  	 	 	  	     	  	    	   	       
      	   		     	    	  	       	  	      
	     	      	    	   	      	       	      	       	     
 	     	 	 	     	       	       		       	     
     		  	   	      	     	 		      	    
   	    	     	    	 	   	 	      	     	    
	    	      	     				     	   	    
       	  	     	     		   	      	      	    	    
     	       	      	 	       	 	  	     	    	       
      	      	      	   	       	  	   	 	  
	      	       	       	      	       		       	       
	     	       	      	       	     	     	   	  	    
   	 	   	      	       		 	   	      	  
    		   	   	     	    	       	      	     	    
    		       	       	   	       	      	      	  	      
 			     	  	    	     	 		 
      	   	     	       		     	   	       	  	     
    	      	      	    	  	     	 	   	    	     
  	 	   	  	      	   	     	 	     	   
   		   	     	     	  	      	     	      	  
       	   	      	    	   	 	   		   	 
     	       	  	  	     	  	     	      		
		  	   	       	     	   	     	 
	    	     	    	 	   	  	     	  	     
       		   	   	       	      	     	 	   	       
    	 		       	     	      	   	    	     	 
     	  	      	     	     		   	   	    	      
  		      	  	   	    		     	 	  
  	    	    	   	      	   	    	 	      	      
   	  	    	 			 	  		   
 	   	   	       	   	     	      	   	  	 
     	 	 	  	       	    	 	     		     
    		   	     		  	 	    	    	 
	   	    	     	       	      	   	    	    	     
	      	    	       	      		     	     	   	     
       	      		   	  	    	    		     	    
  	  	       	    	   	       			 	 
     	      	 	 	    	 	  	  	   
	   	   	  	       	   	 	   	   	   
 	   	    	   	     	  	  	       		  
       	      	  	    	     	  		    		     
       	 	 	      	  	       	       		   	      
   	      	  	  	   	    	  	 		 
	   	 	       	    	   	   	      	       	 
    	      	    	    	  	     	 	   	    	  
  	  	 	   	      	      	     	     	  
		      	 	       	     	     	    	    	 
      	       		       	      	    		 	  
	      	 	       	 	    	     	      	      	 
     	    	 	   	      	  	      	    	     	      
	 	  	   	      		      	       		       
    	   	     	       	     	      	     	       	 	 
	       	      	       	       	       		   	      
	       	 	  	    		 	    		 
	 	  	    	     	       	    	  	   	   
       	    	      	      	  	 	  	       	      	    
	       	 		      	  	      	 	  	     
  	   	      	      	      	      	  		 	    
   	       	     	       	   	      	   	  	       	      
     	  	       	       	  	    	       	     		     
	  	       	      	     	    	   	      	     	    
   	       	      		 	      	       	      		       
    	      	      	 	 	   	       	 	      	    
 	    	     	 		  	   	    	 	 
      	 	    	    		       	      	  	       	     
 	    	   	       	    	 	   		       	  
  	       	   	   	     	    	       	       		
	  	    	     	       	  	  	    	   	       
   	       	  	      	       	      	  	       	      	   
 	      	      	      	  		      	   	   	       
	   	    	 	 	   	  	       	  	   
  		     			 	      	 	 
	       	      	   	   	   	       	     	      	  
       	  		 	     	       	      	     	      	   
  	     	     	     	   	   	       	  	    	    
	   		     	     	 		   	     	     
   	  	  	       	 		  	     	 	     
   	   	  	 	 	  	   			    
       	     	 	 	 	    		       		      
       	      	 	 	  	       	  	     	      	 
  	   	      	     	     	      		      	 	       
     	       	  	     	    	  	   	   	 	       
     			   		    	  	   	       	      
	 	    	     	      		   	    	    	   
  	     	 	     	   	   	       	  	 	 
  	   	 	  	       	    	       		       
	      	   	       	    	   	 		 	       
    	   	       		       	       	  	     	    
		      	     	    	   	      	 	  	    
   	       	    	  	     	     	  		     	       
       	 	  	     	      	   	      		 
	      	 	    		    	   		     	     
      	     		   	   	 	 	 	   	  
 	   	    	   	 	       	      		  	 
 	    	 	   	       	     	   		      	    
       	    	  	     	    	 	  	 		      
     	  	     	      	    		      	       		      
 	       			   	   	      	  	       	    
		 	  	    	 	       	  	      	 
	 	      	  	   		    	  		    
  	 	   	   	     	      	     	       		      
     	 	    			    	     	  	    	       
     	 	    	   		       	       	  	    
	 	 	  	    	       		       	  	   
 	     			      		      	  	   	      
  	       	  	     	      	  	     	  	   	    
      	 	     	  	      	    	   	     	  	       
	      	   	 	     	   	       		   	 
   	 	      		     	  		       		 
    	   	       	 	  	  	  	       	   	  
	   	    	       	     	 	   	  	   	  
  	 	   			    	   	  	 	  
 	   	      	     	       	 	  	       	     	 
     	      	    	   	     	     		   	 	     
    	       	       	    	    	       	     	   	      
	   	    	       		  	 	      	   	 
  	     		       	     	    		     	   	     
 	      	    	    	   	    	    	  	       	     
   	    	     	     		    	     	 	   	       
  	   	  	      	  	    	   	   	 	  
 	       	       	  		    	       		  	 
       	 	     	       	     	     	       	    	    	    
 	       	 	      	  	     	       	    	   	      
   	 	   			 	  	  	     	    
       	   	       	 	       		      	    	   	  
   	  	 	    		      	   	      	      	 
     		     	 	      		  	    		     
     		    	   	  	     	     	   	   	      
     	     	     	      	    	     	 		       	   
 	      	 	     	      	    	  	 	       	       
       	   	       	       		    	   	     	       	    
       	  	     	      	 	   	 		    	  
  	    	      	      	      	    	 	       	    	     
     	   	    	       	  	       	      	    	      	       
     	      	    	   	   	   	  	 	       	   
       	    	  	  	       	      	 	    	      
	   		   		       	      	    	     	  
       	       	       		       	      	     	   	    
	    	    	     	    	  	      	      	     	 
	      	    	     	     	    	       	       	     	    
 		 	   	 	  	     	 	     	 
   	   	     	 	       	       	  	 	       
	  	  	   		       	    	  		  
  	 	      	 	    	     	     	    	  	    
    	   	 	     	   	  	   	    		      
  	       	 	  	    			 		     
    	      	     	       	    	      	      	     	  	 
  	       	   	   	     	     	     	     		
	 	 	       		     	 	 	 
	     	     		    		  		  	  
 		  	   	       	    	      	     	      	    
  	  	      	    	    	  	    	   	    	    
      	       		    	       	      	   		   
	   	 	    	       	  	    	       	       
	  	   	  	      	     	 	    	       	    
   	     	      	  	   	 	      			      
  	   		    	    		   	      	       	       
	    	     	       		       	  	  	 	     
	   	       	  	      	    	  	    	    	  
      	    	    	       	  	     	 	  	   	     
     	  	     	    	    	       		      	  	    
    	     	      	  	     	       	 	     		     
   	    		       	  	 	 	    	    	      
   	   	     	   	      	     	   	       	    	      
	 	    	 	   	       	     	       	   	     
   	  	 	 	 			 	     
	 	      		    	     	     	      	    	    
  	  	     	     	     		  		    	    
 	     	     	     	  	     	      	  	  	  
    	    	  	     	    	       	     	   		
	   		 	       			   		     
	     	      	   	   	  		   	  	   
    	     	 		     	  	      	       	 	      
  	    		       	 	   	    	    	       	    
   	     	     	    	  	  	   	 	 	   
   	     	     	    	       	   	  	   	      	   
   	   	   	      	   		      	   	    	    
      	       			   	   	      	     	     	  
   	      	     	    	 	  		      	  	     
   	       	       	    	      	  	       	 		
	       		  	  	     	       	  		
	       			    	 		 	    	   
      	    	  	      	   	 	     			       
 	   	   	     		      		 	      	 
    	 	  	    	      		   	       	  	   
       	  	  	       			    	     	     	   
       	    	     	 	    	 	    	     	       	     
       	 	     	      		 	      	  	     	     
       			       	   	      	  	    	      	       
    	   	      	       	      	       	      		     	    
       		 	     	      	     	      	   	   	   
      	  	   	      	    	 	    		  	     
       	 		     	       	    	    	 	    	    
       	      	   	     	  	       		   	 	  
  	     		     	     	   	       	   	     	  
      	    	      	   	 	  	       		     	     
     	      	   	   	  	   	    	       	     	 
       	       	 	      	      	   	  	 	      	    
   	       	  	    	   	 	   	 		     
  	    	       	   	     	    	   	     	   	     
      	     	   	       	    	    		  	    	     
  	      	    		 	      	    	      		      
   	       	   	 	       	  	       	   	    	       
    	     		    	  		 	 	       
	   	  	   	    	 	  	      	 	   
   	  	    	   	     	      	  	  	 	    
	   	      		  	   	    	  	 	  
 	 	      		       	  	       	     	      	    
 	   	  	    	  		    		  	 
     	       	     	      	   	 	  		   	     
     	     	   			 	    	      	  
	  	   	  	       	   		  		      
  	   	       		      	       	     	       	 	   
 	   	   	    		   	    	  	       	 
     	     			     	     	    	   		 
     	       	  	      		    	      	       	     	       
	      		       	 	       	    	    	   	   
     	    	       	   	    	   	    	 	       
	  	 	    	       	     	 	     	    	    
       		      	  	    	 	 	       	 	      
  	  	     	  	 	  	      		     	      
     	  	       		     	      	     	     	      	      
    	 	      		 	   	      		 	    
    		 	     	       	      	   	     	   	    
  	       	  	  	       	      	    		      	     
    	   	    	 	       		      	   	      	    
     	  	   	       	    	       	    	 	 	    
 	     	   	 	   	   		    		    
      	 	    	      	    	  	      	      	       
	    	      	    	  	   	   	    		   
			  	 	   	     	   	    	       
       	       	    	     	   	    	      	 	       	  
    	       	 		    	       	     	  	      	  
  	     		   	       	       	     		    	    
      	   		 	 	       	       	 	   	  
		  	  	     	  	    	       	   
	 	     	 		      	    	 		    
     		 	 	    	     	       	   	   	       
    	 	       	     	  	  	      	     		  
  	  	    	       	   	     	       	 	   	      
	  	     	  	     	       	   	   	 	    
   	 	    	   		      		       	     	     
       	   	     		   	    	  	       	  
	 	 	  	     	    	     	    	  	 
     	       	       	       	      	    	       	    	    	    
    	 	     	    	  		     		  	      
      		 	      	     			  	   	      
 	     	  	     	      	   	     	      	  	      
       	     	  	  	       	     	       	     	    	  
 	      	    	      	 	     		 	       	    
       	    	     		    	  	  		  	      
 	     	      	   	      	   	      	     	      	 
       	 	    		   		      	     	  
	 	   	 	     	     	 	   	   	   
     	  	    	  		       	     	 	 	   
	      	    	      	      		     	    	    	    
      	       	     	     		      	     	       	     	   
    	    	      	     	   	     	  		      	  
	   	 	    	   	       	   	     	      	      
     	  		  	      	     	     	 	       	   
    	   		      		  	       	       	    	       
	      	    		    	   	    	       	      
	     	 	   	   	   		   	      	  
	 	     	    			      	 	   	    
  	 	      	  	    			       	 	   
 			  	 		   		  	       
      	  	    	 	      	      	       	     	   	   
    	    	    	    	   		       	      	    	   
    	    	    	     	      	     	      	  	   	  
    	  	    	 	 	 				    
   	 		     	   	       	    	  	  	       
    		 	 		     	      		  	  
	  	 	     		       	    	    	      	       
       	 	      		      	    	  		       	 
      	 	    		       	      	      	  	   	    
       	     	     	      	    	   	    	    	    
	  	     	 	   		   			
	       	   	      	  	  	     	      		    
      		   	     	    	       	   	    	      	     
       	       	  	      	 	   	      	    	      	      
   	    	 	    	     	  	      	      	  	       
       	    	    		   	      	     	 	   	    
   	     	  	    	    	    	 	     	      	   
      	   	    	 	    	  	      	  		 
     	  	 	  	 	  		       	 	   
       	       	    	      		       	    	       	      	   
	 	 	       	   	    	     	    	       	     
    	   	      	 	 	   	  	    	     	      
  		    		     	 	  	     	      	 
      	  	      	     	      	  	    	    	       	       
     	       	  	     	      	      	    			    
       	       	  	   	    	      	     	    	     	      
     	  	      	       	     	 	 	  		     
     	  	 		 	      	       	       	 	  
   	   			       	      	  		   	     
 	    	     	 	  	  	     		    
	 	      	      	 	       		   		       
  	 	  		      			   	  	     
    	     	      	     	  	    	   	       	   	       
 	    	    	  	      		       	     	 	  
     				     	      	    	   	      	     
      	     	   	       	      	   	      	      	   	       
       	    	 		   	      	       	       		      
    	    	   	   	     	      	      	       		
	       	 		     	  	 		 
	      		    	  	     		     	  	    
     	    	    	 	     	     	       	     	      	     
   	     	 	   	   	 	    	       	   
	       	 	   	  	    	  	      	     	      
     	      	    		   	  	    	       	   	      
   	     	     		       		 	      	    	 
  		    	     	     		     	       		
	      	     	  	   	    		      	     	       
	  	    	   	  	 		       		      
     	   	       	      	    		      	    	    	    
   	 	   	     	       	       	 		   	 
   		       	    	    	    	   	    	  
	       	      	     	  		 		 	     
     	  	   	  	      	 	      	   	   	       
      	      	  	  	     	       	       	       	       	       
 	    	  	      	      	 		       		    
       	    	  		      	     	 	      	  	    
      	       	 	  	       	       	      	    	       	    
  	  	 	    		       	 	 	       	       
      	 	  	    		   	      	    		 
      	       	  	       	   	       	   	   	  	     
      		      	     	      	       	   	     	     	    
 	   		       	       	  	       	 	     	       
	     	      	 	       	 		 		    
      		  	   		   	 	    	    
	    	       	       	       	   	      	      	 	     
     	      	 	      		 	   	   	    	  
    	  	       	    	  	     	      	     	   
	 	       	     	   	     		 	  	     
			    	 		       		  	       
	     	      	  	   		     	    	   	   
     	  	     	   	   	    		    	       	  
 	      	     	  	    	 	       	 	   	      
  	       	       	     	      	     	      		   	      
    	     	  	       	      	  	    	      	    	       
   	     	       	    	    	       	       	     	 	    
 	 		  	     	       	  	   	  	       
       	 	  	      	      	 	  		  	   
		  	       	 	      	  		  
	     	  	  	    	    	     	       	       	       
       	 	     		  	 	       	     	 	 
     	     		     	     	   	    	      	   
	     	      	   	     	 	       	   	      
	       	     	   	 	    	   	  	  	  
 	       	  	     	      	     		      	 	       
      	   	     		      	       	 	    	   
	       	      	       	     	      	 	  	       	  
     	  	      	    	 	     	      	  	     	  
   	       	    	      	      	    	     	    	 	     
	       	 		     	  	     	    	   	   
    	      	      	     	  	     	 	    	     
	      	 	 		   	     	  	     	   
       	  	 	   	  	   	 	 	  	      
  	  	     	   	     	       	   	     		    
  	       	 	     	   	  	      		   	      
   	 	   		 	  	 	    	  	       
  		  	   		       	     	     	     	   
	     	 	  	       	 	    		      	      
  	  	   	 	      	      	       		       	   
       	     	      	  	     	 	 	  	     	       
   	    	       	 	   	 		     	  	       
 	 	       	      	       	      	 	    		 
       	    	    	       	    	      	       	       	    	      
       	      	     	     	   	       	       			  
 	 		     	       			      	  
		 	 	 	      	    	   	       	 
	   	  		     	    	    	     	 	       
	    	   	 	     	    	  	   	    	    
     	    	   	       		     	 	    	    	    
     		     	     	   	  	   	     	      	       
       	       	     	     	     	    			       	 
  	 	   	       	       	      	 		  	       
   	 	     	   	     	      	   	  	       	       
       	     	     	    	      		       	    		
	  	      	  		     	      	       	    	    
 	    		      	  	     	 	    	    	    
    		      	       	 		     	     	      
	       	  	  	   	    	 	       	       	       
	   	      	 	       	       	   	   		   
 	      		    	  	  	       	 	    	   
     	    	    		      	  		       	       	    
	      	   	      			    	       	      	     
    		 	   	    	    	     	    	    	  
    	  	   	  	 		      	  	 	       
   	     	      		     	  	 	    	     	    
      	   	  	 	 	    	      	       	 	    
   		      	       	  	     	     		 	 
   	     	  	       	      	 	 	  	   	 
       	 	    	     	    	      	      	       	     	  
  	     	    	      	       	    	    	  	 	    
 	   	   	      	 	   	       	      	     	    
       		    	  	     	  	     	   	  
		       	   	  		      		       	  
  			      	    	      	   	      	    	       
      	       	     	     	      	 	    		     	     
    	  	  		  	   		    	      
	       	  	     	 	  		   	   	       
       	      	    	   			     	   	       	  
  		   	  	 	    	 		  	 
       	  		      	   	     	 			    
   	   	     	       	  	     	  	       		
	    	 	   	      	   		  	   	 
	  	     		    	 	     		      	   
   		  	      	   	   			      	       
	       	     	  	    	    	     	    	 	    
   	 	     	 	  	    	 	 	 	       
       	   	   	    	  		    	       	     	      
     		      	      	   	   	    	     		       
  	   	   	     	      	       			       	     
  		    		       	      	  	       	       	   
 	    	      	    	    	       		    	       	     
      	  	     	   	 	     	 	    	       	      
  	 	   	     	     	       	      	      		    
 		 	       	 	 		      	 	  
   	       	 	   	  	  		  		    
  	 	  	  	 	       	     	      	    
	   	    	      	       		  	      	 
	   	    	 	 	       	      	   		       
 	       	  	     	 	      	 	  	    	   
 	      	      	  	    	 	   	    	   	    
   	   	 	      	    	    	 	       	    	  
       	    	 	       	    	       	 	  	   	 
     	      	    	       	     	 	     		  	      
    	     	 	      	     	      	  	     	    	 
   	 		      				      	     	     
     	     		  	 	  	 	       	      
	      	  	      	  	       	       		    	 
  	    		  	      			  	     
		      	 	   	   	     	 	  
	  	       	     	      		    			
	 	  	   		 	    		   	 
      	      	     	 	     	 	      	      	     	    
 	  	  	    		 	      	  	   	       
       		 		  		   	     	       	     
     	     	     	       	 	      	     	  	    
	       	  	   	      	   	    	   	 	    
      	     	 	     	    	      	 	    	 	    
      		   	      	      	  	     	    	      
	     	 	  	    		   	   	     	 
       	 	    	     	     	  	 	   		  
   	   		    	      	     	   	       	     	       
      	 		     		  	  	   	   	    
	      		  	 	  	    	  	     	       
 	      	      	  	    	     	   	    	     	     
  	   		       	     	    	     	    	  	  
       	      	     	      	      		       	 	  	     
    	   	   	      		    		   	     
	    	  	 	  	     		  	    	     
      	    	     		       	     	    	      	 
		   	  	      	   		       	 	 
    	      	     	   	      	  	      	  	     	     
	   	      	   	    	      	  	      	     	  
   	       	  	    		      	      	 	    	      
	    	     	      		     	   	       	  	 
       	       	   	    	       	   	  		  	 
	      	  	  	     		 	     	     
	    	  	     		     	       	       	       	  
      	      			  		     		  
	   			  	   		    	 
	  	     	       		       	 	    	 	      
      	     	      	       	  	     	    	  		     
  	   	  	   	     				 	      
   	 		 	  	     	     	   		  
    	     	   		     	   	 	 	      	   
      	 	 	      	      	   	       	 	     	   
    	 		       	    	       	  	       	     	  
       	    		      	   		    	  	      	       
	   	     	  	     	     	      		   	     
   	    	      	  	     	   	     	    	    	  
      	    	 	  	 	  	       	     		    
	       	  	 	    	 	  	       	    	      
      	     	   		 	     	       	    	   	       
 	     	  	       		     	       	    	   	 
      		       	 	   	     	      	 	       	  
      	 	  	     	     	  	   	  	   	      
   	   	   	      	       	    	       	      	   	 
    	     	       	    	      	   		  	     	 
  	   	   		   		   	       	       	   
    	      	     	 	  		     	      		       
  		     	  	 	 	  	 	     	       
 	   	      	  	 	 	       		    	      
       	   	  	   	      	     	 		       	    
      	    	     	       	 		       	 	 	       
 		   	      	      	 	    	      	       	       
     	    	 		    	      		    	  	    
  	    	     	     	    		 	     	      	     
       	       	  	  	      	      	     	       	   	       
  	 			     	   	   	     		      
     	      		     	     	   	  	  	     	   
	 	 	    	    			 	       	      
     		 	  	       	     	       	   	   	    
     	       	 	    	    	      	      		  	       
	      	     	      	      	    		  	   	   
    		      	       	    	    	      	       	       	    
  		   			      	  	    	    	  
    	       	   	     	 		 	 		    
	       	  				     	      	      	  
       		   	   	  		      	      		       
  	  	       	      	  	       	      	  	      	 
     	 	   	       	     	     	      		      	 
 	      	   	     	      	       	      	      	   	    
   	       	 	   	     	     	       		 	  
   	  	    	       	     	   	 	  	      	     
    	       	 	       	       			       	       	   
       	  	     	       	     	      		      	      	     
 	 	    	   	  	       	   	       	       
	  	    	   	  	     	       	       	       	    
       	    	  	   	    	   			     	      
     	  	   	      	  	    	 	      	 	     
    	       	      	  		     	     	    	       	     
  	 	 	    	  	       	     	    	  	    
 		   	      	    	   	      	 	       	     
 	       	   	 	       	       	     		       	      
     	 	 		   	     	  	   		   
      		       	    	   	   	 	   	       	      
	      	      	      	  	 	    	     	    	  
 	 	 	    		      	       	  		  
    	     	     	  	     	  	    	      	    	       
  	       	    		    	    	     	    	       	     
       	       	       	      	       	   	   	       	      	    
       	  	    		   	 	 	 	  	      
       	 	    	     	  	   		    	 	     
    		      	   	 	      	      	     	      	   
       	    	       	   	      	     	       	      		     
  	      	    	   		      		  	  	       
 	    	       	   	    	 	    	   		
	 	   	      	 	    	   	 	  	   
	   	       	     		  	      		 	      
   	     		       	   	  	      	    	 	     
	  	     	       	     		     	       	       	     
       	      		   		       	   	       	      	    
 	     	     	 	    	  		     	     	   
      	     	   	 	      		    	      	 	 
       	 	 	 	      	   	 	     		       
     	       	 	  	   	     		    	       	    
       	      	  	     	     	  	    	   	      
	      	  		   	    	      	       	       	    
	      		     	     	     	   		 	   
     	   	     	     	       	  	       	      	      	 
 	    		  	 	       		      	   	       
 		  	  	 	   	    	  	 	      
 	     	       	       	  	       	    	  	   	 
 	 	   	       	      	       	      	     	 	       
     	       	       	   	   	      	     			     
    	  	    	      	      	     	      	  	  
	       	      	    	     		   	  	     	    
      		   	    	    	     	       	     	       	  
    	 	    	     	       	      	 	   	       	 
 	  	  	 	       	     	       	       		  
      		       	 	 	   	  	 		 
	  		      	      		     		       	      
 		      	   	   	   	   	       	   	      
    	      	     	    	       	   	 	   	   	      
  	 			  	 	  		  	 
 	      	       	   	   	  	      	   	 
	  	 	  	      	     	   		 	    
  	    	     	      	      	    	   	  	    	  
     	     	      	 	  	       	    	       	  	     
	      	       	 	      	  		     	     	     
       	 		    			    		      	  
    	    	    		     	 	       	     	  	      
       	      	      	       	  	  		       	 	     
 	     	       	    	 	   		 		   
      	      	   	  	 	       		    		 
       	     		    	       	      	    	      	     
	      	       	    		    	  	   	   
	       	  		     	 	    	      	 	 
       	  	      	  	      	       	       	       	 
	  	       	       	   	    		   	     	 
  	   	    	     	 	 	  	       	      	    
   	  	       	      	     	       		       		   
      	   	  	 	       		     	   	      	    
     	 	    	 	     	 	 	     	      	 
   	   	   	     	      	  	       	       		       
		  	  	   	    		 	 
		  	     		      	       		   	      
       	  	 	     	     	 		  	     	     
   	   	    	   		       	      	   		       
		   		   	  		   	     	       
   	 	    	       	  		      	 	 	  
 	    	      	    	    	 	  	    	     	 
     	       	   	      	   	     	   	     	      	       
 	     	       		   	   	      	    	  
		 	   	 	      	  	     		
	  	     	 	    	  	 	  		      
    	     	 	      	     	  	 	 	   	   
		       	       	     	       	      	      	    	  
 	    	 	   	      	    	   		       
	 	      	  	 	  	     	      	      
	       	 	       	       	    	  	 	   	      
       	     	    	       	       		   	    	       	     
       	   		     	       	     	      	   	   	       
    		   	    	    	    	 	      		  
     	 	   	    	   	     	    	     	   	    
 	      	     	      	  	      		       	 	   
  	     		       	  	  	     	       	     	    
       	 	    	       	  	  	      	   	  	       
	       			    	     	   	   	    	     
     	 		    	   	       	     	  	     	 
     	  	    	      	       	     	     	     	    	     
   	    	       	  	   	      	 	     		  
   	    	       	    	       		 		       	      
      	    	   	       	      	     	  	    	    	   
	  	   	       	  	     		  	    	 
      		  	    	    	       	    		      	  
 	   	  	      	  	      	       		    	      
 	 		    	      	   	     	   	 	     
      	   	 	     	     	 		  	   
			   	      	     		      	    	   
   	       	      	       	  	     	      	 	  	   
       	      	       	  	 	  	      	       	       	 
    	    	    	       	  	 	  			 
     	       	 	   	       	     	     		 	      
       		  	   	  	 	 	 		       
    	   	     	   	 		    	    	   	       
		   	      	     	    	      	   	   	     
     	 	    		   	       	       	 	       	      
	 		 	     	  	      	    	       	 
    	    	  	    	  		    	 	    	       
 		   	      	     	     	     	   	       	     
   	       	       	      	     	    	       	       	   	   
   	   	  	      	 	      	     	    	    
	       	   	    	  	   	 	  	  	     
       	 		     	       	      		       	    	       
		     	     	    	  	    	   	     	    
       	       	   	    	 	     	  	     		      
		   		    	  		 	    	   
 	     	      	 	     	       	   	    	     	       
 	      	 	    	 	     		   	 	     
     	      	      	 	       	      	      	  	 	      
      	 			      	    	    	     	       	   
    	    	    	       	      	     	      	     	      	       
    	      	   	 	       		     		    	    
 	     	   	      	       	     	     	    	 	   
  	 	       	  	 	  	     	 		    
     	     	    	       	 	    	      	     	   	  
   	 	   		   	   	      	 	    	 
       	 	      	 	   	    	    	  	     	      
  	     	    	     	     	     	  	       	  	      
       	    	  	 	   	      	       	 		  
 		   	      	 	 	       	   		 
	       	       	   	       	      	   	 	     	    
	      	       	    					  	 
    	    	       	 		      	 		     	     
	      	     	   	     	  	   	    	   	 
       	    	 		    	 	   		   	      
       	      	 	    	 	   	 	       	   
	  	    	     	 	     	 	       	       	      
 	       	 	    	  	    	  		  	      
       	       		     	  	       	   	    	       	  
   	   		    	       	    	     	      		
	       	    	  	       	      	      	  	    	 
 	       	  	       	       	  	      	   	  	 
	   	 	  		  	      	  	      	       
   	     	      	 	    	      		     	       	    
       	   	 			    	 	 	      
	    	    	     		   	       	     	       	  
      	   	     	       	 	     		       	 	       
 	      	  		  	       	     	 	      	      
 	     		 	     	     	    		  
	  	      	 	 	  	      	   	   	       
  			   	  	  	       	   	   	   
     	   	     	   	    	      	     	  	    	  
       	 	 			 	  	   	     	    
	 	    		     	 	     	     		     
    	 		      			    	     	      	       
     	  	       	   	       	      		   	  
	      	   	    	    	   	     	   	  	      
      	  		    	 	  	       		    	       
      	   		      	     	      	    	 	 	     
      	 	      	   	      	      		   	    	    
   		    	     	       	 	       	      	   	      
 	 	       	    	   	      	       	       	 	  
   	       	    	       	   	       		    	 	    
       	      	     	    	       	   	     	   	    	  
    	    	    	    	   		     	     	    	 
       	   	 	       	   		  	     	  	       
    	       	   	 	  	   	       	   	      	       
  		   	    		    	 	 	  	 
     	  	   	   	 	      	  	 	    	     
       	      	    		 	       	   	     	  	    
    	    		       	     	   	     	 	  	   
      	   	    	     	       	 	     	  	    	 
			    		  	    	   	     	     
     	      	   	       	     	     	       	    	   	       
    	   	 	       	 	      	      	     	  	  
     	      	 	      				   	 	       
 	   	 	      	       		       	       	 	      
      	   	     	    	     	    	  	 	   	 
      	 	    	 	     	    		   	      	   
      	    	    		 	   	    	     	   
	  	   	  	      	      		     	       	      
 	    			    	    	     	     	       	    
 		      	 	       	  	    		     	     
       	    	 	    	 	  	       	       	      	      
    	       	  	 			      	  	  	     
  	   	   	       	       	  	      	   	 	     
	  	      	 	    	      	     			  
   	  	  	       	     	       		       	    	  
  		       	      	 		 	      	   	       
    	 	  	     	      		      	 	   	    
      	     	 	 	   	      	      	    	   	   
  	       	    	   	     	  	      	    		   
       	    	  		    	     	   	      	   	     
       		  	 	    	  	   	      	    	 
	      	       	    		 	     	   	    	    
 	 	  	     	 	   	      	     	 
		 	  	   	       		       	    	      
    	     	       	    	    			       	     
	      	   	 	    	   	      	  	       	   
  	       	     	    	    	   	  		 	     
    	    	       	      	  		  	   		
	    	   	   	   	     		   	       	       
   	  	     	 		      	    	     	       	     
	      	   	  	       	       	       	  	      	       
 	      	   	  	     	     	 	      	    	 
      	     	   	      	      	      	  	 	 	      
      		       	    	   	    	    	     	       	     
  	  	    			   	  	   	   	      
      	   	     	     		       	       	     	 	  
  	   	    	    	    	      	   	  	      	  
      	     	  	       	     	    	 	       	 
	       	  	 	       		  	      	   	     
	  	     	       	   	    	     	  	     	  
  	      	      	    	       	    	  	      	     	      
   		 	   	       		  		  	     
  	      	 	      	    	       	   	     	      	  
       	       	      	       		  	       	    	    	 
      	       	      	    	   	   	      	   	  	      
       	  	   	    	       	      	  	  	       
	     	    		       	      	       	   	    	 
 	  		      		  	  	  	  	    
     	 	     	 	 	       	  	 	  
	 	 	  	  	     	   	    	  	     
    	       	      	       	    		   	       	      	       
     	    	       	     	 	       	     	   	 	    
      	 	      	 	     	   	 	       	 	      
     	    	    	     	       	      	    	  		  
  	      	   	  		 		    	       	 
       	 	    	       	   		 	      	       
	    	      	    	    	     	   	   	 	  
     	   	      	  	 	     	     	       		      
     	  	 	  	       	   	       	    	       	   
	   		   	    	       	 	      	       	     
 		   		      	     	  	       	      	 
 	    	   	     	      	       	   	 	     	    
      	      	     	  	  	    	  	 	 	 
     	     	      	       	    	     		      	     
	 	 	      		      	 	  	      	     
    	   	      	     		   	      		      	       
   	 	       	  		      	 	      	       	    
       		 	      		       	    	   	  	    
     	     	   	    	      			   	 	       
      	   	   	     	     	 	    	 	   	       
       	  	  	      	 	 	   	   	     	    
 		    	    		 	 		   	      
 	       	     	      	   		      	     		 
   	 	       	      		       	      	   	      	       
     	     	      				   		 	       
  	  	  	    	  	       	      	      	 	  
  		      	   	 	       	   	     	    	   
     	    	  	       	       	    	     	  	    	    
       	   	    	 	      	   	       	     	   
	     	    	      	 	       	       	     	  	  
	      		   	  	       	 	    	    
	       	      	   	  	   	 	  	       
	  	   	      	 	     	     	 	      
	   	  	       	  	     	      	 	     
	      	     	 	     	  	      	     	       	   
       		   	      	       		  	      	  
	      	    	   	   	    	  	     	    	  
   		     	    	     	   	  	      	      	   
	    	      		    	 	 	  	  	    
   		     	  	   		       	   	   	  
 	      	    	    	 	  	   	    	  	   
	      	     	    	  	    	   	 	   
	       	       	  	  	   	     	 	  	 
 	     	     	     	       	      	    	    	       	  
  	      		    	    	   		      	   	  
      	      	  	  	  	  	 	    	       	  
 	       	   	 	 	  	 	     	    	       
      		     	      	     	 	 	      	  	    
       	     	   	       	 	 	      		     	      
       	    	 			      	       	      	   	    
	     	       	       	     	 	  	   	 	 
    		       	   	     	      	      	      	 	    
      	  	     	      	       		  		  
		 		   	       	   	 	  	   
      	   	    	   	     	 	   	  	      	  
       	     	     	     	     		     	     	   
	   	    	   	 	    	       	     		  
     	       	      	      		     	     	     	      	    
      	    	    	   		       	   	   	       	    
      		       	   	       	    	       			      
    	  	       	 		     	  	  	   
	    	       	     		    		  		
	       		    	  	   	    	      	       	     
 	      		 	 	 		  	     	   
  		    	    	   	   	  	 	 	     
  	      		     	 		    	   	    	     
       	   	     		    	 	    	  	   	 
 	    	   	     		    	 	  	    	   
	       	   	 	      	 	    	  	     	   
  	       	      	     	    	  	    	   	   	 
    	      	 	       	       	  	     	       	   	     
       	       	    		   	     		      	    
	 	      	 	   	       	   	  	       	      
       	    	      	       	       	    	      	  	     	      
     		    	    	  	     	     	   	 	     
    	     	    	    	       	    	       	    	     	  
  		       	       	 	       	 	     	   	   
  	     	    	      	  	    	    	 	      
	       	     	 	     		     	   	    	     
   	    	    	     	 	      		      	  
	      	     	 	       		      		    	       
 	  	  	    	  		      		   	     
  	    	       	 	   	  	   	 	  	 
      		    	      	    		   	      		     
       	  	      	       	  	      	  	 		      
    	   	      	       	      	   	  	 		    
     	   		 			   	     	    
	     	    	   	       	 	     	    	      	    
      	  	   	       			  	  		   
	    	  		   	       	      	    	      	    
 		   	  	  	 	      	    	      	    
       	  	   	  	 	 	      	 		
	 	       		  		      	 	  	    
      		  	 	     	     	  	     	  	       
    		   	     		       	 	       	    	    
 	       	    	      	  		    		  
	 	     		     	     	  	  	    	   
     	   	 	       	    	      	 		  
	      	    	   	      	    	     	  	   	 
      		    	    	     	  	      	    	   	       
    	 		    	    	    	   		   	       
      	   	       	 	     	      	 	    	       	      
   	  			      	  	  	  		   
      		 	   		    	   	   	    	    
	      	  			      	     	 		    
   	     	       	  	      	     	   	     	 	 
 	    		  	  	 	    	 	      	      
   	    		   		     	    	       	  	 
	      	  	      	       	 	      	  	 	 
  	    	   	   		  	     	     	    	      
 	      	      	     	 	 	 	    	   	      
     	  				 	  	     		
	       	   	      		     	     	       	 	      
      	     	  	 	  	    	 	     	       	   
  	       	  	   	  	       	  	 	     	    
   	    		  	   	  	      	     	  
	    	     	    	  	 	     		      	     
	     	     	      	     	      	  		  	    
      	      	       	      	  		  	       	   	       
       	   	    			     	      	  	     	  
 	       	   	  	     	       	  	     	    	    
       	 	    	   	  	       	    		  	      
  	       	 		   	      	   	  	       	       
 	       	      	     	    	    	      	   	      	     
  	     		 	   	      	    	       	     	  
 	      	     	       	       	  	       	     	   	 
      	  	    	      	    	    	       	      	   	   
    	 		      	  	     	      	       	  	     
    	      	    	       	   	      	  	 		
	    	     	  		      	    	   		    
       	      			     	    	    	     	 	   
  		    	       	 	    	 		     
		   	 	 	    	    	       	   
		       	   	    	       		     	       	      
    	   	  	     	   	    	   	      	      	      
   	      	     	       	 	    	     	   		       
       		     	    	      	 		     	  	      
  	    	      	      	      	    	   			  
       	   		      	     	   	   	      	  	 
	  	  	       	     	    	     		      	   
    	  	  	     	     	   	   	 	       	   
  	   	   	      	   	 	     		      	  
   	   		     	   	   	      	     	   	    
 	 	  	   	      	       	     	     	       	      
      	   	       	     	       	 	    	 	      	       
  	       		   	     	    		 	  
	    	 	 	       	   	       	      	 	      
   	    	      	      	 	     	      	   	      	 
       	  	       	   	   	    	  	  	     	   
     	 	 	     	     	   	  	      	     	       
   	    				   	   	  	     	    
     	       	    	      	   	  		      	      	     
 		       	  	      	    	      	     	    	    
       		     	       	   	 	  	   	   	   
	  		  	      	      	 	     	   	     
 	 	 	 	      	   	     	 	  	  
    		    	     		 		     		 
	   	    	    		      	    		    	 
	      	     		      	  	      			     
 	      	     		 	       		 	      	   
       	       	   	       		  	 			      
 	   	      	     	   	      	    	   	     	  
  	    	  	    	  	   	 	       	    	   
	     	       	     	   	      	   	 	     	  
     	    	       	  	   	      	      	    	     	   
    	  	    	   	      	   	   	     	  
	    	       	    	    	       	    	   	     	    
  	  	       	      	 	 	  	   	 	     
   	      	  	     	     	     	       	    	   	       
  	   	 	 		  	  	    	   	    
	 	       	   	  	  	  	 	  	     
     	 	 	       	 	     	       	  	      	 
    	 	     	  	       		   	       	   	  
      	    	    	   	       	      		  	   	   
      	       	       	    	   	  	       	  	     	      
       	    	    	  	     	    		 	       	     
 	   		      	       	  	 	    	 	  
      	   	   	    		  	 	      	     	  
    		 	       	    	     	    	 	 	       
   	  	    	   	    	     	     	       	    	 
    	      	 	     	  	    	      	      	    	       
 	       	   	       	       	   	   	     	    	     
      	    	    	   	       	 	      	     	     	   
   	       	 	 	   		      	 	   	   
     	    	  	       	 	       	    	      	   	     
 	      	  	     	       	   	   		      
	    	       	 	  	       	   	       	      
	   	       	      	  	     	 	       	     	 
    	   	  	       	  	    	  	 		
	     	  	  	    	      		  	   
	 	 	  	  	   	   	     	     	       
 	      	       	   	  	      	      	    	 	 
  	 	      		    	  	      	     	  
	  	 	   	    	 	      		     	     
    	       	    	   	  		     	   		  
	      		    	  	  		  	     	     
     		     	 	     	      	  	   	      	 
   	  	      	  	 	   	      	     	   	    
     	       	    	 	      	       	     	   	 	  
    	      	 		       		      	       	    	 
 	       		 		   	 	      	       	    
 	      	    	      	     	   	  	   	  	     
		  		  			      	  	    
       		 	 		       	  	  	  	 
  	 	   	      	      	       	    		    	 
  	  	    	       	   	      		      	  	   
	 	    	   	    	      	   	       	      	     
       	     	      	   	      	     	   		       	       
 	   	       	   	 	     	     	      	    	     
      			   	   		      		    	 
 	     			   	     	    	     	 	   
 	      	 	 	     	   	 	       	   	 
       	    	    	     	  	    	     	      	      	     
       	      		      	  	  	  	      	       	       
  	    	      	   	  	 	     		 	      
	   	   		  	    	  	 	    	 
   	  	  	   	   	   	      	      	  	    
       	    	     		 	   	    	  	    	    
    	       	    	  	   	    	  	    	       	  
      	      	      	     	      	    	    	       	      	    
	   	 		       	  	    	  		     
   	     	      		       	     	      	    	       	  
     		   	  	      	 	     	       		      
      		 	  	      	  	     	 	       	    
    	  	   	     	       	    	   	 	   	    
       	       	      	     	      	  	     		       	       
     		      	     	 	   	     	      	  	   
 	       	       	   	  	 	    	   	   	     
	   	  	     	       	   	    		     
	       	 	     	    			  		    
	       		   	    	     	  	   	   	  
 	      	     	     	   	   	    	   	    
	     	  	     		      	   	       	 	      
    	    	   	   	       	     	 	 		     
       		  	    		 	  		    	    
      	 	       	     	       	    		 		
	 	   	     	   		  	      	   	     
  	 	      	   	      	    	 	       	 	    
     	       	      	      	       		   		 	 
       	    	    	   	  	    	     	   	      	      
       	   	   	   	    		 	     	       	      
      	      	    	     	      	   	 	   	       	      
     	     	      	       	      	     	  	  	    
	  	    	      	 	     	      	    	 	     
     	 	       	       		 	    	     	 
	  	     	      	  	  	   	       	       	 
      	 	      			   		      	     	 
 	     	   		       	  	 	     	 	       
   	       	       
